The FCA said online sales by insurers, brokers and price comparison websites could leave people unaware of the difference between paying monthly or yearly. It said this made it difficult to compare products. The regulator said it expected all firms to take action where necessary. The FCA said its findings revealed that insurers and intermediaries did not always provide clear and easily understandable information about the overall cost of paying for insurance, meaning that consumers could struggle to compare the difference between paying upfront or in instalments. In some cases, people may not realise there is a price difference between the two. The FCA focused on the online sale of home and car insurance and followed the process up to the point where customers are required to input their payment details. The review included 13 insurers and 30 insurance intermediaries, including four price comparison websites. Linda Woodall, acting director of supervision at the FCA, said: "Consumers should expect clear information about the payment options available to them. "Regardless of whether people choose to pay upfront or in instalments, it's important that they can see exactly what they are signing up for and how much it costs, so they can decide whether they are getting a fair deal." The FCA also said firms providing regulated credit or acting as credit brokers were failing to provide a representative example setting out the interest rate, any fees or charges, a representative annual percentage rate (APR) and the total amount payable, which they are required to do. In some cases, it was not made clear that a fee would be charged by firms using a credit broker. A spokesman for the Association of British Insurers (ABI) said: "Insurers want to ensure that any premium finance options are clearly and fully set out as part of the sales process, so that customers know exactly how much they have to pay for their insurance. "Our members will be carefully considering the findings of this FCA review to ensure that all motor and household insurance customers understand the cost of the different premium payment options."	The Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) says insurance companies are not being clear enough about the cost of paying premiums in instalments.
Mr Perez Molina resigned on 2 September over allegations of graft. He was arrested a day later. He is already under investigation over a bribery scheme at Guatemala's customs services but has denied any wrongdoing. The latest investigation focuses on allegations he received $37.9m (Â£28.8m) in return for construction contracts. Investigators allege that the former president was also given a helicopter, a plane and a luxury car. He has previously been accused by an anti-corruption commission of taking bribes from a Spanish port company. Guatemala ministers arrested over helicopter 'gift' Guatemala ex-president 'took bribes' Judge Miguel Angel Galvez said that the latest alleged kickback scheme to come under investigation involved more than 50 public officials, bankers and businesspeople. Mr Perez Molina's former Vice President, Roxana Baldetti, is among those who are also under investigation. Ms Baldetti was forced to resign in May 2015 when allegations of corruption against her first emerged. The news prompted mass anti-corruption protests which eventually led to the resignation of Mr Perez Molina. Both he and Ms Baldetti are already in custody. Investigators will now have three months to gather evidence against the suspects before a judge decides whether to take the case to trial.	A judge in Guatemala has ordered that former President Otto Perez Molina be investigated in connection with a multi-million dollar corruption case.
Both impressed in a warm-up match against a Mumbai XI on Sunday. Plunkett bowled three good overs and Willey - who played for the hosts - took a hat-trick against England. "I have an idea in my head," said England captain Eoin Morgan when asked about who he plans to select. England will reveal their XI shortly before the game, which gets under way in the Indian west coast city of Mumbai at 14:00 GMT. "Plunkett is an important player in the squad, with his extra bit of height and different trajectory to everyone else," added Morgan. "Wills swings it up front, comes back into the middle and bowls change-ups. He has a canny knack of taking wickets and that's something that we've struggled doing for a while. "That's one of his strengths." England, winners of the 2010 World T20, exited at the group stage at the previous edition of the competition. Have you added the new Top Story alerts in the BBC Sport app? Simply head to the menu in the app - and don't forget you can also add alerts for the Six Nations, cricket scores, your football team and more.	England begin their World Twenty20 campaign against the West Indies on Wednesday with bowlers David Willey and Liam Plunkett hoping to claim the final place in the team in Mumbai.
The animal, possibly a new species, was discovered last spring at depths of more than 4,000 metres (2.5 miles). Studies suggest females nurture their eggs for several years on parts of the seabed that contain valuable metals. Commercial companies are interested in harvesting metals and minerals from the bottom of the ocean. There are growing concerns about the future impact of mining on life in the deep sea, much of which has yet to be discovered and categorised. New marine life found in deep sea vents Ghost-like 'Casper' octopod discovered The octopus lays its eggs on the dead stalks of sponges, attached to rocky crusts which are rich in metals like manganese. The female then protects the eggs as they grow, perhaps for a number of years. "The brooding observation is important as these sponges only grow in some areas on small, hard nodules or rocky crusts of interest to mining companies because of the metal they contain," said Autun Purser, of the Alfred Wegener Institute's Helmholtz Centre for Polar and Marine Research in Germany. "The removal of these nodules may therefore put the lifecycle of these octopods at risk." The "Casper" octopod was spotted last year by the camera of a submersible vessel remotely operated by NOAA off Necker Island near Hawaii. A type of octopus without fins, it crawls along the seafloor. Jon Copley of the University of Southampton, who is not connected with the new research, said the record for octopus mothers keeping vigil over their eggs is four years, by another deep-sea species in the Pacific. If this species is similar, then it could be particularly vulnerable to disturbance by deep-sea mining, he said. "This discovery shows how we need far greater understanding of fundamental ecology - and far greater knowledge of the natural history of individual species - in deep-sea environments being targeted for future mining, before its potential impacts can really be assessed," Dr Copley told BBC News. The German and US researchers investigated deep sea environments using remotely operated vehicles, and towed camera surveys, between 2011 and 2016. They observed 29 octopods from two distinct species on the bottom of the Pacific Ocean off the Hawaiian Archipelago and in part of the Peru Basin. Two octopods were seen to be brooding clutches of eggs that were laid on stalks of dead sponges, which require manganese to grow and stay attached to these rocky crusts or nodules. "These nodules look a bit like a potato, and are made up of rings of different shells of metal-rich layers," said Dr Purser. "They are interesting to companies as many of the metals contained are "high-tech" metals, useful in producing mobile phones and other modern computing equipment, and most of the land sources of these metals have already been found and are becoming more expensive to buy." The scientists say the future of octopods and other animals, large and small, must be considered when managing "commercially attractive, yet bio-diverse and poorly understood deep sea ecosystems". The research is published in the journal, Current Biology. Follow Helen on Twitter.	A deep sea octopod, dubbed "Casper" after the film ghost because of its appearance, could be at risk from mining, scientists say.
The 4m (13ft) bronze sculpture at Runnymede Pleasure Grounds shows the Queen in full Garter Robes. The unveiling coincided with the second day of the Thames River Pageant from Hurley in Berkshire to Runnymede. The Royal Barge Gloriana lead a flotilla of 200 boats taking a replica of Magna Carta down the river. The statue of the Queen was created by sculptor James Butler, and inspired by the 1954 and 1969 portraits by Pietro Annigoni. The artwork was unveiled by Speaker of the House of Commons, John Bercow. Magna Carta was granted by King John on 15 June 1215, establishing that the king was subject to the law rather than being above it. It paved the way towards modern rights and freedoms, and was sealed by the king at Runnymede. The Foreign Secretary and Conservative MP for Runnymede, Philip Hammond, who was also at the unveiling, told the invited guests that the Queen was the "ultimate refinement" of constitutional monarchy. "While John represented arguably the worst of monarchy, Queen Elizabeth II represents undoubtedly the best of monarchy," he said. The pageant started on Saturday with 23 charter bearers carrying a replica of the charter on board the Royal Shallop Jubilant. Stopping at various points on the way, actors recounted the story of Magna Carta and then handed over the responsibility of carrying the document to a new relay bearer. The flotilla paused overnight in Windsor before commencing its journey at 09:00 BST, and arriving at Runnymede Pleasure Grounds in the afternoon. Celebrations marking the 800th anniversary have been taking place across the country, with church bells ringing out. In Surrey, they have included jousting at the Runnymede Pleasure Grounds, and a Great Charter Festival with giant puppets at the Royal Holloway University. The Houses of Parliament and the National Trust also organised a series of national events called LiberTeas, to enable people to "celebrate, debate or reflect on their liberties". On Monday, the Queen, the Prime Minister and the Duke of Cambridge will join thousands of invited guests at an event at what is believed to be the exact spot in Runnymede where the document was sealed.	A commemorative statue of the Queen has been unveiled beside the River Thames in Surrey as part of events marking the 800th anniversary of Magna Carta.
The world's largest economy grew at an annual rate of 2.9% in the three months to September, the Commerce Department said. Analysts had predicted growth of just 2.5%. The stronger-than-forecast rate could increase expectations that the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates before the end of the year. The annualised rate of 2.9% is equivalent to a quarter-on-quarter rate of 0.7%, which is the way that many other countries express their growth rates. In the second quarter of the year, the US economy expanded by an annualised rate of 1.4%, or a quarterly rate of 0.4%. Consumer spending, which makes up more than two-thirds of US economic activity, grew less rapidly than in the previous quarter. In the April-to-June period, it increased at an annual rate of 4.3%, but in the July-to-September period, the rate slowed to 2.1%. However, this decline was offset by businesses spending money to restock their inventories after running them down in the second quarter. "There's nothing here that will put the Fed off hiking in December," said Aberdeen Asset Management fixed income investment manager Luke Bartholomew. "This shows that the US is roughly on track. It's a natural bounce-back following a pretty underwhelming year so far. "The election campaign has probably created a degree of uncertainty that has impacted growth," he added. "But underneath all of that, the labour market is still doing well and inflation is creeping up."	The US economy grew at the fastest pace in two years in the third quarter, initial figures have indicated.
The 52-year-old woman was initially treated for a heart attack by paramedics at a house in Lees Street, Manchester, at about 05:40 BST. But doctors discovered she had a neck injury after an examination at hospital and then sedated her. A 34-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of assault. She remains in police custody.	A woman has been left in a critical condition in hospital after suffering a serious neck injury in a suspected assault.
Residents and business owners expressed disgust after "IRA" and "IRA GHOST" were painted on murals in Bond Street and house doors in Duddys Court. The graffiti was painted late on Saturday night or early on Sunday morning. DUP councillor David Ramsey said the behaviour had been going on for weeks. "There is a sinister element involved and people are sick of it," he told BBC News NI. "You can see why people are angry and they do believe that this is a deliberate attempt to heighten tensions in the lead-up to the Apprentice Boys of Derry parade." The loyalist murals in the area commemorate the siege of Derry, which was broken on 30 July 1689 by English army sailing down Lough Foyle. The Apprentice Boys of Derry's annual August march is the largest single parade in Northern Ireland each year and commemorates the three-and-a-half month siege. One Bond Street resident, who did not want to be named, said he was disgusted by the graffiti. "You go to bed at night and you expect to wake up the next morning to something else," he said. "It is going to keep going until somebody puts a stop to it."	Police are investigating as a hate crime the daubing of sectarian graffiti on murals and houses in Londonderry's Waterside area.
For them, Super Tuesday could become Black Tuesday. Friday must have been gloomy enough, when Chris Christie, supposedly a card-carrying member of the establishment, kissed Donald Trump's hands and gave this political outsider his endorsement. Christie's blessing came as a bolt from the blue, and taught us once more to expect the unexpected. But shouldn't the establishment - and us in the media, for that matter - have seen the billionaire coming? After all, for years the Republican standard bearers have been vulnerable to a challenge from an anti-establishment candidate. Before going on, we should say what we mean by the Republican Party establishment, a term regularly bandied around but rarely explained. Fifty years ago, it was easier to identify. It was an eastern establishment dominated by Wall Street bankers and corporate executives, who were strongly pro-business, ideologically moderate and politically pragmatic. Nelson Rockefeller, the scion of the banking dynasty and Governor of New York - who lived, like Donald Trump, in great splendour on Fifth Avenue - was their figurehead. These days, however, the Republican establishment is harder to define and more diffuse, which also explains why it is easier to topple. More on Trump and the Republican race for the White House: Anthony Zurcher: Day one of the Republican civil war Three things Donald Trump always says What Mexicans think of Trump and his proposed wall Commonly it is broadly taken to mean the Republican National Committee, senior office-holders (like Chris Christie), present and past, conservative lobbyists, like the US Chamber of Commerce, big-money donors and opinion-formers, who write for publications like the Weekly Standard, the National Review and op-ed pages of the Wall Street Journal. But that definition is open to debate. Its disparate membership explains its inability to exert control. The most obvious reason for the decline of the Republican establishment has been the rise of anti-establishment adversaries. The Tea Party, an insurgent grassroots movement that emerged after Barack Obama's inauguration, has posed the most serious threat. Its hatred of the president is matched almost by its loathing for establishment Republicans in Washington, like the Senate Majority leader Mitch McConnell, who activists complain could have done more to thwart the White House. Tea Party primary challengers have ousted senior establishment fixtures, like Senator Richard Lugar, who represented Indiana for 36 years. The "Hell No" Caucus on Capitol Hill, a rump of 50 or so Tea Party-backed Republican hardliners in the House of Representatives, was strong enough to push the former House Speaker John Boehner to the point of resignation. As for opinion formers, most of the loudest and dominant voices in the modern-day conservative movement, like the talk show hosts Rush Limbaugh and Glenn Beck and the commentator Ann Coulter, are vehement critics of the establishment. The Fox News channel, even though it has often given a platform for anti-establishment voices, doesn't fall into that same category. But it has become a rival power centre, outside the control of the GOP high command. Going into the 2016 campaign, there were big clues that establishment candidates would be vulnerable. Eric Cantor, the House Republican majority leader, was ousted, unexpectedly, ahead of the 2014 congressional mid-terms. Boehner was pressured to resign as House Speaker. However, most of us made the mistake of interpreting the results of the congressional mid-term elections as a major setback for insurgents, because they failed to make more breakthroughs. Their attempt, for example, to oust the Republican Senator Thad Cochran in Mississippi, then a six-term incumbent, was unsuccessful. In Kentucky, Mitch McConnell also crushed a Tea Party challenge in the Republican primary. According to polls, Tea Party favourites, like Sarah Palin and Michelle Bachmann, also lost their lustre. Even though the Tea Party was waning - in October last year, a Gallup poll suggested its support had dwindled to just 17% - the anger and rage that gave rise to it had not gone away. Conservative insurgents just needed a better candidate and more effective mouthpiece. The most obvious figure was Ted Cruz, a long-time darling of the Tea Party. But Donald Trump has proved more adept at giving voice to the politics of frustration and rage, even though he is not a Tea Party candidate per se. Long before announcing his presidential bid, the billionaire had already burnished his reputation among Tea Party devotees by becoming the most prominent "birther" - claiming, falsely, that Barack Obama is not a natural-born citizen of the United States. His outspoken attacks on Mexicans and Muslims, combined with his contempt for political correctness, are music to insurgents' ears. Another analytical failure was to assume that the Republican establishment could do in 2016 what it has done successfully in the past seven presidential elections: to see its anointed favourite become the nominee. George Herbert Walker Bush, Bob Dole, George W Bush, John McCain and Mitt Romney. All were Republican establishment favourites. What's perhaps most remarkable about that run of success for the party's high command is that it continued so long. We should have paid more attention to the difficulty Mitt Romney had securing the nomination in 2012 and also the extent to which he was assisted by the absence of a strong establishment rival. A central problem for the GOP high command this year, of course, has been that Marco Rubio, John Kasich, Jeb Bush and Chris Christie have split the vote. Not only that, we should have been more mindful of Rick Santorum's surprise showing four years ago. The right-wing former Pennsylvania Senator won 11 states and four million votes, even though he was viewed at the outset of the race as a woefully weak candidate. It suggested that the Republican establishment would face a more serious problem in 2016 if a more compelling right-winger emerged. Besides, one of the reasons why anti-establishment fervour is so strong this time round is because the grass roots is so fed up with being saddled with establishment moderates, like Romney. Had we reached further back into Republican Party history we would have seen that hostile takeovers have succeeded in the past. In 1980, Reagan ran as an anti-establishment candidate, beating the blue-blood Republican George HW Bush, a scion of the establishment. Then there was Barry Goldwater's success in 1964, when he scored that highly symbolic victory over Nelson Rockefeller, the great pillar of the establishment. The victory of an Arizonian right-wing firebrand over a New York moderate personified the shift in the Republican Party's centre of gravity during the civil rights era from the north-east to the south and south-west. It changed the character of the party, setting it on its present course. Revulsion right now of the permanent political class and party elites seems to be a global phenomenon, but in America it is particularly pronounced, on the left as well as the right. But an anti-establishment figure like Donald Trump would not have become so strong had not the party establishment become so weak. The GOP, the Grand Old Party, has been ripe for a takeover for years.	On Super Tuesday Donald Trump's hostile takeover of the Republican Party should come even closer, and like stiff-collared executives in some wood-panelled boardroom trying belatedly to fight off a corporate raid, the GOP high command seems incapable of stopping him.
Striker Baldock struck a superb half-volley over Tykes goalkeeper Adam Davies early in the second half before slotting home Anthony Knockaert's pass. Barnsley had strong penalty appeals waved away in the first half when Lewis Dunk appeared to handle the ball. Marley Watkins also saw two shots saved and Adam Hammill blazed over. Hughton called for Albion to maintain their composure after just three wins in seven games and got a fine response from his side, who moved above Newcastle and seven points clear of Huddersfield in third. The 58-year-old, who has won exactly half of his 100 league matches since taking over in December 2014, now faces tricky back-to-back home tests against fourth-placed Reading and Newcastle. It was a clinical performance from Brighton and Baldock but they also had goalkeeper David Stockdale to thank for their 16th clean sheet of the campaign. His brilliant one-handed save kept Watkins' low strike out midway through the first half before blocking the winger's close-range effort to keep the score at 2-0. Barnsley are nine points off the play-offs following sixth-placed Sheffield Wednesday's 2-1 victory at Nottingham Forest. Barnsley manager Paul Heckingbottom: "I thought it was an even game throughout but they were clinical at one end and gave us nothing at the other end. "First half we did great, but didn't score when we were on top. As well as we may have been playing, they still limited us to very few chances. They're comfortable without the ball as well as with it." Brighton manager Chris Hughton: "I thought the front two were excellent, they worked really hard. I just thought it was a really good, all-round team performance. "I think for us that have been in the game a long time, we know that things can be so different come the next game. We don't get much time to enjoy it, we're back in on Monday, but it's a really pleasing result." Match ends, Barnsley 0, Brighton and Hove Albion 2. Second Half ends, Barnsley 0, Brighton and Hove Albion 2. Substitution, Brighton and Hove Albion. Fikayo Tomori replaces Anthony Knockaert. Corner,  Barnsley. Conceded by Steve Sidwell. Substitution, Brighton and Hove Albion. Chuba Akpom replaces Glenn Murray. Attempt missed. Adam Hammill (Barnsley) left footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Gethin Jones. Attempt missed. Dale Stephens (Brighton and Hove Albion) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Assisted by Anthony Knockaert. Attempt missed. Adam Armstrong (Barnsley) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Assisted by Matthew James. Substitution, Barnsley. Alex Mowatt replaces George Moncur. Substitution, Barnsley. Ryan Williams replaces Ryan Kent. Attempt missed. Anthony Knockaert (Brighton and Hove Albion) right footed shot from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. Assisted by Glenn Murray. Hand ball by Matthew James (Barnsley). Corner,  Barnsley. Conceded by Bruno. Attempt blocked. Andy Yiadom (Barnsley) left footed shot from the left side of the six yard box is blocked. Attempt saved. Marley Watkins (Barnsley) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Adam Hammill. Attempt saved. Marley Watkins (Barnsley) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Adam Hammill with a cross. Hand ball by Anthony Knockaert (Brighton and Hove Albion). Andy Yiadom (Barnsley) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Glenn Murray (Brighton and Hove Albion). Attempt missed. Jamie Murphy (Brighton and Hove Albion) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Sam Baldock. George Moncur (Barnsley) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Glenn Murray (Brighton and Hove Albion). Foul by Marley Watkins (Barnsley). Bruno (Brighton and Hove Albion) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Goal!  Barnsley 0, Brighton and Hove Albion 2. Sam Baldock (Brighton and Hove Albion) left footed shot from very close range to the centre of the goal. Assisted by Anthony Knockaert. Foul by Adam Hammill (Barnsley). Glenn Murray (Brighton and Hove Albion) wins a free kick on the right wing. Attempt saved. Adam Hammill (Barnsley) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Matthew James. Offside, Brighton and Hove Albion. Anthony Knockaert tries a through ball, but Lewis Dunk is caught offside. Hand ball by George Moncur (Barnsley). Attempt missed. Adam Hammill (Barnsley) right footed shot from the centre of the box is too high. Assisted by Ryan Kent. Attempt saved. Anthony Knockaert (Brighton and Hove Albion) left footed shot from the right side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Dale Stephens. Substitution, Barnsley. Adam Hammill replaces Tom Bradshaw. Offside, Brighton and Hove Albion. David Stockdale tries a through ball, but Sam Baldock is caught offside. Dale Stephens (Brighton and Hove Albion) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Tom Bradshaw (Barnsley). Attempt missed. Lewis Dunk (Brighton and Hove Albion) header from the left side of the six yard box misses to the left. Assisted by Anthony Knockaert with a cross following a corner. Corner,  Brighton and Hove Albion. Conceded by Angus MacDonald. Foul by Dale Stephens (Brighton and Hove Albion). Tom Bradshaw (Barnsley) wins a free kick on the left wing.	Brighton returned to the top of the Championship as Sam Baldock's two goals gave them victory at Barnsley in Chris Hughton's 100th league game in charge.
About 300,000 people had gathered for Eid prayers at the Sholakia field in Kishoreganj district when the attack on a security checkpoint began. Police say four people, including two officers and one attacker, were killed. Last week, militants stormed the Holey Artisan Bakery cafe in Dhaka, killing at least 20, most of them foreigners. That attack was claimed by so-called Islamic State (IS), although the government said the attackers belonged to a local militant group. No group has said it carried out Thursday's attack. Eyewitnesses said four militants had used machetes and guns to attack police. The imam leading prayers at the Sholakia field had recently issued a decree against killing in the name of Islam. After the attack, he told journalists: "The young men who think they will go to heaven [by carrying out attacks] are wrong. They will go straight to hell." Information Minister Hasanul Haq Inu told the BBC Bengali service that the high level of preparedness of security forces had prevented an attack on the prayer congregation. "We have been able to either capture or destroy most of the terrorists," he said. Police were investigating the attack and did not rule out "IS, al-Qaeda, or the Taliban" as possible groups, "but we still do not have any evidence to suggest that Bangladeshi militants have any organisational link with foreign groups," he added. There have been security fears in Dhaka following last Friday's attack on the cafe. There were tight checks at some Eid services in the capital, with scanners and sniffer dogs used to check for bombs before worshippers could enter, AFP reported. Many people could be seen weeping during the services, while a local cleric issued a prayer to "protect our children from the evils of terrorism", AFP added. Bangladesh has also seen a spate of attacks on secular bloggers, gay activists, academics and members of religious minorities, with more than 40 killed since February 2013. Many of those attacks were claimed by Islamic State militants or al-Qaeda affiliates, although the government has blamed local groups and the opposition instead. The opposition denies the claims. Speaking on Thursday, Hasanul Haq Inu told the BBC that recent attacks were "isolated incidents through which some youngsters are taking the wrong path". "Militant terrorism is not a trend in Bangladesh, it is still not a trend," he said.	Militants have attacked police guarding the largest Eid gathering in Bangladesh, throwing homemade bombs and launching a gun attack.
The Desertec initiative hoped to deliver electricity from a network of renewable energy sources to Europe via cables under the sea. But in recent weeks, two big industrial backers have pulled out. And the Spanish government has baulked at signing an agreement to build solar power plants in Morocco. Desertec was set up in 2009 with a projected budget of 400bn euros to tap the enormous potential of solar and other renewables in North Africa. The hope was that by 2050, around 125 gigawatts of electric power could be generated. This would meet all the local needs and also allow huge amounts of power to be exported to Europe via high-voltage direct current cables under the Mediterranean sea. Source: National Geographic/Nasa Brian Cox measures the amount of solar energy that falls to Earth with a tin of water But three years later, the project has little to show for its efforts. Two large industrial partners, Siemens and Bosch, have decided they will no longer be part of the initiative. According to Dr Daniel Ayuk Mbi Egbe, a professor at the University of Linz in Austria and an expert on African solar resources, this is not good news. "Siemens and Bosch are very big companies," he told BBC News, "if they don't want to support this initiative it is going to be difficult for Desertec." It seems some governments share this reluctance to go forward. One of the first concrete steps that Desertec announced was a plan to build three solar power plants in Morocco. A declaration of intent was due to be signed recently by a group of countries including Spain and Italy. But the Spanish government demurred, citing difficulties in finding the subsidies the project would need. Hans-Josef Fell is a Green party MP in the German parliament who has sponsored renewable energy legislation. He's sometimes referred to as the father of the feed-in tariff that has helped wind and solar power succeed in Germany. He thinks the Desertec initiative is too reliant on public subsidies. "The governments get cold feet for one reason, Desertec needs too much support in tax money - all the public budgets are over borrowed - and tax money is not easily available," Mr Fell said. Desertec says that these are small problems and will not detract from the overall success of the project. Spokesman Klaus Schmidtke told BBC News the initiative is in good shape. In reference to the problems with Spain he said: "We are talking about a declaration of intent between some government so the Desertec initiative is not involved in these negotiations - these are done by the governments. There is no reason for us to fear any problems." But others are not so sure. Prof Peter Droege is the head of Eurosolar, the European association for renewable energy. "I think it is struggling to find a reason to continue - It is clear it's lost its original purpose, it is looking for a new direction," he commented. "One of the main attractions of renewable is to become energy independent," he said. "If you have tied yourself to another external source you have to pay for, you are missing the entire point of the renewable energy transition we are in." There have been worries that the unstable political situation in North Africa is also causing concerns for investors and for governments. But according to Daniel Ayuk Mbi Egbe, the problem is more fundamental. "The fathers of Desertec say their aim was to exploit North African energy for the European market," he says, "but what about Africa itself?" He added: "When you go to many African countries there are constant electricity cuts - if you want to help then you need to think not just about exporting to Europe but about supplying Africa as well." One positive element for the project is that there have been suggestions that China might be willing to invest so that it can get access to technology. It is interested in learning how to use high-voltage direct current cables such as those proposed for bringing power across the Mediterranean. Green MP Hans-Josef Fell says they could be just what Desertec needs. "China's money could help, China wants the know how. Yes perhaps China could save the project, they are very potent," he told BBC News.	An ambitious plan to provide 15% of Europe's power needs from solar plants in North Africa has run into trouble.
Arsene Wenger has been in charge of Arsenal for 21 years but a disastrous week has perhaps left his future in more doubt than at any other time during his reign. A seventh successive exit at the last-16 stage of the Champions League was painful enough, without the added humiliation of a 10-2 aggregate hammering by Bayern Munich. The protests against Wenger have rumbled in the background for years but now seem to have an extra fervency. Throughout all this, a new contract offer remains on the table, while the 67-year-old says the opinion of fans will influence his decision over whether to remain in charge. So BBC Sport asked Arsenal fans for their views, and this is what they told us... Media playback is not supported on this device Wenger is consistently unfairly criticised because the media, and many fans, are used to and desire newness and change rather than stability. He has said something similar himself. Liverpool have never won the Premier League and Manchester United have dropped out of the Champions League but they have both had more than one new manager in Wenger's time and so are spared criticism. A top-four place is still achievable, as is a cup win, which is more than most clubs will achieve. Roger, Norwich Disgusting behaviour towards a great and loyal manager. This man has made Arsenal an iconic club over the last 20 years and was never caught up in the ridiculous transfer markets of la-la land. Empty vessels make the most noise as seen in this week's protest - and if he goes they'll never see a greater manager at board and bench level. Denis Taylor, Falkirk My hope is that he announces that he is parting ways with the club at the end of the season. That will make sure all the fans get behind him and give him the send-off he deserves The reason I support Arsenal is Arsene Wenger - a man who understands that football is about entertainment and occasionally it is about art and beauty. It is not all about winning. I go to football to be entertained, maybe even moved. If I was only interested in the result I would stay at home and check the results online. I know many older fans like me who feel the same. I would like Wenger to stay forever but I feel, sadly, that he'll get fed up with all of this noise and take his genius and love of football elsewhere and English football will be so much the poorer. Liz Heade, Cambridge Arsene Wenger has not only transformed Arsenal, but he has also played a significant role in the transformation of English football. Equally he has won a trophy every season, as I believe qualifying for Europe equates to a fourth trophy in the top flight. Arsenal need to decide who they are and what they want to be and get the right people to deliver their strategy. Wenger needs to prove he can reinvent the club but he has earned the right to say when he leaves. Chris McShane, Salisbury OK, things have gone stale. We are not really improving and we no longer seem able to challenge for the top honours despite early-season promise. But the escalation of anger and the barrage of abuse against Wenger, especially from the club's younger supporters, is absolutely vile. They must never forget that people from my generation grew up and their passions for that club grew because of that one man. I do think he will go at the at end of the season, but it will be a sad day when he does and all our supporters need to treat him and what he has done for Arsenal with a little bit more respect and acknowledgement.  Asser Ghozlan, Kent When I started supporting Arsenal at four years old, Wenger was already into his second season. The fact that the manager's name was Arsene and the club was Arsenal was, in my mind then, no coincidence. There are plenty of millennials out there who, like me, have known no Arsenal without Arsene. His philosophy has come to define Arsenal. When he goes, we will be forced to discover who we are without him. And, in football, it is infinitely harder to find an identity than it is a trophy. Dhev, London Media playback is not supported on this device Arsene Wenger has been a wonderful manager. He will go down in history as one of the greats in the history of this football club. But nobody goes on forever, and Arsene has overstayed his welcome. Sadly, he's now become the root of a lot of the issues at our club. Arsenal are having the same season yet again. There is only one way to break the cycle and it requires Wenger to realise that this is what the end looks like, because the board won't help him find that realisation. You either die a hero or live long enough to become the villain. And Wenger has now become the villain, who needs saving from himself. Rhys Hardstaff, Palmerston North, New Zealand Wenger has to leave. There can be no room for sentimentality. Let's all not forget this is a man who has become a multi-millionaire through his endeavours for the club. In any other job if you were taking things backwards your job would be on the line. Huzefa Ishaki, Peterborough Wine can take years to mature and be at its best, after which it starts to deteriorate and go bitter and needs throwing out. We're approaching, if not already at, this latter stage. Gerry Ryan, Hamilton, Bermuda It has been evident for a while that Arsene Wenger cannot take this team to the next level, but he is convinced otherwise. The whole premise of the move to the Emirates was to compete in Europe but that is still a distant dream. What Arsenal fans want right now is a bit of clarity on the future. If Arsene intends to stay then he should sign the contract and that will make up the minds of a lot of players as well. Rohail, York I am really concerned that his legacy will be tainted if he stays. I've been a supporter for over 46 years and seen plenty of good times, and my son - aged 23 - can't remember Arsenal not being involved in the Champions League, which is under threat this season. When Arsene came to Arsenal in 1996 he brought a revolution to English football. Unfortunately he hasn't moved with the times and there has been no improvement in performance over the last 10 years. Jonathan Stevens, Prudhoe I was never in the 'Wenger out' camp until recently. But it's evident he's lost his touch. I believe Wenger is only part of the problem; the board have to take some responsibility - fourth is not a trophy. Chris Gilson, Colchester I personally think that Wenger should have left the club since 2009. Doing the same thing over and over and over but expecting a different result is plain insanity. Jovita Nsoh, Houston, USA I have wanted Arsene Wenger out for 10 years. The Bayern Munich result was embarrassing and it is just adding to the list. No club has a divine right to win trophies but with what we pay and the stature of the club we have a divine right to compete. Nick Bowler, Rochester The uncertainty surrounding the club has split the fanbase and stalled the players' contract negotiations. My hope as an Arsenal fan is that he announces that he is parting ways with the club at the end of the season. That will make sure all the fans get behind him and give him the send-off he deserves. Alexius Mukanganyama, Johannesburg, South Africa Wenger - stay or go? I can see the argument for both sides. On one hand it is frustrating not being able to compete for the title, with the annual February/March collapse and Champions League exit. Although the football we play is beautiful when we get it right, it can be embarrassingly bad when we get it wrong. But there is no certainty a new manager will improve the club. After thinking long and hard, I've decided I want Wenger to stay. We are still there or thereabouts in a very competitive league and we need to start buying more world-class players by spending some of the reported pile of cash in the bank.  Jonathan Bulmer, Stockport	Is one of football's longest relationships coming to an end?
Comosa AG - a new venture involving some of the biggest names in boxing promotion, is behind the event. "It is Comosa's ambition to turn the World Boxing Super Series into the world's biggest and best boxing tournament," said Roberto Dalmiglio, Comosa's head of management board. It could start as early as September. The event will take a shootout format and involve eight fighters in two yet-to-be-decided weight classes. The winners will receive the Muhammad Ali Trophy, named after the former heavyweight world champion who died last year. "The World Boxing Super Series will change the world of boxing," said Dalmiglio. A similar Super Six World Boxing Classic was held between 2009 and 2011. Richard Schaefer, the former Golden Boy promotions chief executive, is among those involved in the venture. "Boxing has really been missing a big tournament like the World Boxing Super Series. Every major sport has one," he said.	A new shootout tournament with 16 of the world's best fighters competing for $50m (£41m) will "change the world of boxing", say those behind the plan.
The 27-year-old was given the initial punishment by an International Tennis Federation (ITF) anti-doping tribunal. Troicki had refused to give a blood sample during the Monte Carlo Masters in April and will be banned until 15 July 2014. "This decision puts an end to my dreams of being a top player," said Troicki. The reduced ban means the world number 77 will miss the first three Grand Slams of 2014. As a result, he will be unable to defend the points he accumulated in the early part of 2013 and is likely to drop down the rankings. "I have no idea what to do now or where to go," added Troicki, who had called for his suspension to be overturned. "I hope somehow I will be able to fight back." CAS decided that Troicki was not at "significant fault" despite committing an anti-doping violation, with no suggestion he intended to evade the detection of a banned substance in his system. The decision comes 11 days after Croatia's Marin Cilic had his nine-month ban reduced to four months. Cilic, 25, tested positive for banned substance nikethamide in April and returned to action at last week's Paris Masters, where he reached the second round before losing to Argentina's Juan Martin Del Potro.	Serbia's Viktor Troicki has had his 18-month ban for failing to provide a blood sample cut to 12 months by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS).
Interior designer Marte Deborah Dalelv, 24, was on a business trip in Dubai when she says she was raped in March. She reported the attack to the police, but was charged with perjury, having extramarital sex and drinking alcohol, receiving a 16-month prison sentence. The case has angered rights groups and the Norwegian authorities. By Simon AtkinsonBBC News, Dubai The fact Ms Dalelv's pardon came within days of an international outcry - and was reportedly ordered personally by Dubai's ruler - is a recognition of how badly this case has reflected on the Gulf state. This is an emirate that doesn't have much oil - instead, tourism is at the centre of its economy. It clocked up 10 million visitors last year and wants to double that by 2020. And while it sticks by the strict Islamic laws that govern the UAE, Dubai knows that these negative headlines do it no favours. It will be hoping this swift action will limit the damage to its reputation. But the pardoning of Ms Dalelv's alleged rapist as part of the deal which allows her to return to Norway - is already causing a backlash on social media. Ms Dalelv has had her passport returned and was free to leave the country, a Norwegian official told the BBC. She was not being deported, and was expected to return to Norway in the next few days. The designer, who has been staying at the Norwegian Seamen's Centre in Dubai since she was sentenced last week, told the BBC she found out she was to be freed earlier on Monday during a meeting with public prosecutors. "We came in and we sat down and they told us 'You've been pardoned'. It's from the ruler of Dubai. It's from him personally so that's - it just feels unbelievable - it's a very, very good day." Her travel documents had now been returned to her and she was preparing to leave Dubai as soon as possible, Ms Dalelv said. In Norway, Foreign Minister Espen Barth Eide tweeted: "Marte is released! Thanks to everyone who signed up to help." The Norwegian government said it had been in daily contact with the Dubai authorities through diplomatic and official channels since Ms Dalelv was sentenced - arguing the jail term represented a human rights violation. Ms Dalelv went public about the sentence last week in a series of interviews. Ms Dalelv says she was on a night out with colleagues on 6 March when the rape took place. She reported it to the police, who proceeded to confiscate her passport and seize her money. She was charged four days later on three counts, including having sex outside marriage. Her alleged attacker, she said, received a 13-month sentence for extramarital sex and alcohol consumption. The man she accused of raping her - a colleague - has also been pardoned, a Norwegian official has said. Despite developing fast as a cosmopolitan tourism destination in recent years, Dubai remains deeply conservative, and its strict laws have caught out foreigners in the past. Public displays of affection and drunkenness are frowned upon.	A Norwegian woman at the centre of a Dubai rape case dispute has been pardoned and is free to leave Dubai, she has said.
