Cereal Killer on Brick Lane was damaged on Sunday night during a demonstration about the "gentrification of parts of east London". Boris Johnson tweeted: "Small businesses like Cereal Killer are the lifeblood of London's... economy." His office added he was "deeply concerned" about the "unacceptable" violent elements of the protest. Cafe owner Alan Keery told the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme he thought it was "incredibly unfair to target a small business for a larger problem". "They're talking about gentrification but they've tagged us as the poster boys for it, and we're not the real problem here," he added. A local estate agent also had its windows smashed. One man arrested on suspicion of causing criminal damage has since been released with no further action. A spokesman for the mayor of London said: "The mayor fully recognises the importance of Shoreditch's unique character and the role it plays in London's success. "He continues to work hard to strike a balance between residential and commercial properties and strong day and night-time economies." Labour's mayoral candidate, Sadiq Khan, said: "There is no excuse for mindless violence and intimidation." When Mr Keery opened the cafe with his brother in December 2014, it attracted criticism for its prices, which go up to Â£3.20 for a bowl of cereal. The organisers of the protest advertised it on Facebook with a post saying: "We don't want luxury flats that no-one can afford, we want genuinely affordable housing. "We don't want pop-up gin bars or brioche buns - we want community. "Soon this City will be an unrecognisable, bland, yuppie infested wasteland with no room for normal (and not so normal) people like us." Police in Tower Hamlets are appealing for witnesses to the disorder. Superintendent Pete Turner said: "Officers are currently reviewing the CCTV from both the cafe and the local authority. Any individual identified as being involved in the violence will be actively sought, arrested and brought to justice."	The mayor of London has praised a cafe in east London which was attacked by anti-gentrification protesters.
After Khan, 28, controlled the early rounds, 27-year-old Alexander offered little until the eighth, when he managed to land a series of hooks. But the clinical Bolton fighter remained in charge, and all three judges scored heavily in his favour. Afterwards, Khan reiterated his desire to fight American Floyd Mayweather. "I really believe I've earned my shot against the best boxer in the world and that's Mayweather," said Khan. "He is the ideal fight for me. It would be a game of chess, but I would be too skilful. I have the skill and movement to beat him. He will not be able to hurt me. "I feel better now than I did when I was 25. I'm dedicated to the sport and I know there's a few years left in me. I'm going to try and force that fight with Mayweather." Khan, who has now won 30 of his 33 professional contests, was in complete control as the three judges scored it 119-109, 118-110 and 120-108 in his favour at the MGM Grand. Alexander, from St Louis, had won world titles at light-welterweight and welterweight but was outclassed by his fast and more accurate opponent, who retained the lightly-regarded WBC 'silver' welterweight belt. Under the guidance of trainer Virgil Hunter, Khan consistently beat his opponent to the punch with the American taking a large amount of punishment from the jab as he suffered only his third professional defeat in a 29-fight career. Before the fight, Mayweather said he wanted Philippine great Manny Pacquiao to be his next opponent, although that fight has been talked about for many years without it happening. Nevertheless, Mayweather, unbeaten in 47 bouts and the current holder of the WBC and WBA welterweight and WBC light-middleweight titles, would have been impressed by Khan's near faultless showing. "I trained very hard for this fight," added Khan. "I knew I had to make a statement. It was against a tough, very skilful guy, but it was one of my best performances. "I'm the best boxer and have the quickest hands in the world. I've just turned 28 and I'm getting better and getting quicker, I just had to become smarter. I've got the best jab in the business."	Britain's Amir Khan produced a dominant performance to secure a unanimous points victory over American Devon Alexander in Las Vegas.
Spending by visitors from across the Atlantic leapt by 28% to Â£633m in the 12 months to the end of September. Visitor numbers from the region also rose during the third quarter of last year to their highest level since 2011. However, there was a 7% drop in visitors from European markets. The statistics came from UK tourism data published by the Office for National Statistics (ONS), with further analysis from the Scottish government and tourism body VisitScotland. Overall, the number of overseas visits to Scotland rose by 0.3% over the year to September, while spend increased by 6.3%, according to the ONS International Passenger Survey. VisitScotland attributed the sharp rise in North American visitors and spend to a weaker pound and an increase in airline capacity between Scotland and the region. It also cited safety and security concerns for the fall in visits from core European markets such as France and Germany. On a more positive note, there was a rise of nearly 50% in visitor numbers from Eastern European markets. VisitScotland chief executive Malcolm Roughead said: "It is remarkable to see such unparalleled growth in the North American market in both visits and spend. "Of course, a favourable exchange rate has played its part, but a focus on airline capacity and connectivity - with around 90,000 extra seats on services from North America in 2016 - alongside a concentrated marketing approach has proved a real formula for success. "It is disappointing to see a slight dip in European visits from core markets such as France and Germany, but with uncertainty over safety and security during 2016 in these countries, it is perhaps understandable." Tourism Secretary Fiona Hyslop said: "North America is an important international market. These excellent figures confirm visitors from the region continue to spend more when they visit Scotland. "It's great news for our hotels, shops and restaurants that depend on tourism revenue." The Scottish Tourism Alliance said the latest visitor figures were "very encouraging" but warned that tourism businesses in Scotland were facing "numerous challenges". Chief executive Marc Crothall said: "The rising costs of doing business is a major concern for tourism businesses at the moment, most pertinently the significant increase in business rates, which for some hospitality and licensed trade businesses will be up to 200%. "This on top of rising costs of goods and services, insurance, licensing, the Apprenticeship Levy and National Living Wage rises will put many smaller businesses in jeopardy. "Our ability to recruit, grow and strengthen our tourism workforce from EU countries and manage the widening skills gap that exists within the industry remains a key concern for most tourism businesses."	Spending by North American tourists in Scotland has hit a record high following a surge in visitor numbers from the region, according to new figures.
Jenny Palmer told the BBC NI Spotlight programme: "I certainly won't hang around for them to discipline me for telling the truth." Her husband, John,  who is also a Lisburn councillor, is quitting the party. Her entire family is leaving the DUP. In July 2013, Mrs Palmer told Spotlight that she had been ordered by a DUP special adviser, Stephen Brimstone, to change the way she intended to vote at a Housing Executive board meeting called to terminate a contract with the maintenance firm, Red Sky. The social development committee at Stormont launched an inquiry that was told by Mrs Palmer that she had rejected five draft apologies from Mr Brimstone and DUP leader Peter Robinson. But she clashed with DUP committee member Sammy Wilson who accused her of changing her story. Recently, it emerged that she was to face a DUP disciplinary panel accused of bringing the party into disrepute. Now she has told BBC Spotlight reporter Mandy McAuley: "My family are resigning. My mother is resigningâ€¦from the party because of the behaviour within the party that hold the power within Northern Ireland. "And it's a difficult letter to write and I have said in it, it's with a heavy heart that I felt it necessary to tender my resignation, but I certainly won't hang around for them to discipline me for telling the truth. "John and I have talked with the children and we've talked with each other and we are all of the opinion that we've been treated very badly. I knew that I had to complete the journey. "The party has been good to us, the party is a good party and it works really, really well." Asked if she really believes that the DUP is a good party she said: "Yes. I do, and it's individuals within this party that are bringing this party down." Her husband, John Palmer, said: "There's people within the party that want to search their conscience, you know." Last week, the Stormont inquiry found that the then social development minister, Nelson McCausland, had acted inappropriately. Stephen Brimstone, meanwhile, has been promoted to work as a special adviser alongside Peter Robinson in the office of the first and deputy first minister. You can watch the Spotlight programme on BBC One Northern Ireland at 22:45 BST on Tuesday 19 May	A DUP councillor who claimed she had been "bullied" by the party has resigned ahead of an internal disciplinary inquiry.
Makkonen became known as the father of SMS after developing the idea of sending messages via mobile networks. Despite the nickname, he was often quick to point out that he did not invent the technology single-handedly. In 2012, he told BBC News - in an SMS interview - that he believed texting in some form would be around "forever". Speaking on the 20th anniversary of the first text message, Makkonen said that he considered the development of SMS a joint effort and that it was Nokia who helped to popularise the service. "The real launch of the service, as I see it, was when Nokia introduced the first phone that enabled easy writing of messages (Nokia 2010 in 1994)," he said. Txt spk He added that he did not use "txt spk" himself, though he pointed out that texting could be thought of as having had an impact on the development of language. Jarmo Matilainen, managing director of Finnish telecoms group Finnet Association, had been working with Makkonen, himself a former managing director of Finnet Ltd, in recent years. He described Makkonen as a "grand old man of the mobile industry". "It's very sad. He was just going to retire and he should have had many years ahead," said Matilainen, who added that Makkonen's fascination with communications technology had been irrepressible. "We liked to talk about SMS and that kind of thing, 3G and so on. He liked to talk about this all time," he said. Although the use of SMS in the UK has begun to fall, it remains popular worldwide with trillions of texts sent every year.	Matti Makkonen, who helped to launch the worldwide sensation of texting, has died at the age of 63 after an illness.
Sie, who previously directed 2014 dance film sequel Step Up All In, takes over from Elizabeth Banks, director of last year's Pitch Perfect 2. Production on the third film about an all-girl a cappella group was halted after Banks announced in June she would not return to the director's chair. Banks, who stays on board as producer, announced Sie's involvement on Twitter. "#PitchPerfect has a new leader," the actress wrote on Thursday, adding she was "so excited" Sie was on board. Anna Kendrick, Rebel Wilson and other cast members of the previous films in the series are expected to return for the third instalment, due to reach cinemas in December next year. Pitch Perfect, released in 2012, made $115m (Â£86.6m) at the global box office, while its sequel took $287m (Â£216m) worldwide. Follow us on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, on Instagram, or if you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.	Grammy-winning choreographer Trish Sie has been confirmed as the new director of Pitch Perfect 3.
John Longworth, co-chair of Leave means Leave, and ex-minister Owen Paterson will sound the warning at a major German business event on Saturday. Britain will "walk away" if the deal is not right, Mr Longworth will say. Theresa May has said it will be an act of "calamitous self-harm" for the EU to try and punish the UK for leaving. The prime minister has said she wants the UK and the EU to be "good neighbours" in a constructive, new partnership after Brexit. But she has warned that no deal will be better than a bad deal at the end of two years of negotiations - which are expected to start in April. Mr Longworth, former British Chamber of Commerce director general, will echo these views at the Berlin event - attended by German ministers, business, academia and media. "It is entirely sensible for businesses across the EU and Britain who wish to work and trade together to continue to do so and it would be helpful if the British and German governments, as well as key figures in the EU, work towards this goal," he will say. "If the German Chancellor and EU leaders continue down the road of negativity and threats when negotiating with Britain, German business and the German economy will pay a high price." He will warn German businesses that the UK will revert back to World Trade Organisation rules "with ease" if it offers a bad deal. He will suggest that the government could simply "compensate" business for any tariffs that are imposed on goods and services as a result. "We want a system whereby free trade will continue, but in order for this to happen, you need to make representations to your government and the EU," he will say. "The voice of business must drown out that of the bitter politics of the EU project." Mr Paterson, a former environment secretary, will warn that "cack-handed" negotiations could have serious consequences for German exporters. "Germany and the UK have a mutual, strategic and selfish interest in maintaining reciprocal free trade," he will say. "It is vital that businesses in key member states such as Germany are listened to carefully during the negotiations." Organised by TÃ¶nissteiner Kreis, a network supported by the main German industry federations, the gathering will explore the future of British-German relations after Brexit. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has warned the rest of the EU against "punishment beatings" in the manner of a World War Two movie. His comments were criticised by Labour and other opposition politicians.	The German economy will pay a "high price" if its leaders make life hard for the UK over Brexit, British pro-Leave campaigners are to warn.
The 31-year-old man was stabbed during a clash in which shots were also fired in King William Walk, Greenwich, in the early hours of Saturday morning. One attacker was said to have had a gun while the other had a knife. The man managed to make his way to a nearby house to ask for help. Emergency services were called, but he died at the scene. Officers believe they know who the victim is but are awaiting confirmation that next of kin have been told. Det Insp Jo Sidaway, who is leading the investigation, said: "During an altercation between the suspects and the victim, the victim was stabbed. "The suspected firearm was discharged, but inquiries continue regarding this." A post-mortem examination is to be held later. Anyone with information has been urged to contact police. The killing is the latest crime to where the alleged perpetrators were riding a moped or scooter. It follows a string of acid attacks carried out on Thursday night.	A man has been stabbed to death by armed men riding on a moped in south-east London.
Canada is marking its 150th anniversary as a country in towns, cities and at backyard barbecues nationwide. But the biggest bash is at Parliament Hill in Ottawa, where organisers expect hundreds of thousands of people. And by mid-morning, they had turned out in their droves - albeit huddled under umbrellas, trying to avoid the rain. Some partygoers, like 24-year-old students Morgan Haines, Jon Salamati and Nima Sahebi, got to the hill before the sun had even risen. Their early morning netted them a prime spot right next to the main stage, where they said they planned to stay until after the fireworks at midnight. The three travelled from Vancouver, on Canada's west coast, to celebrate the day in the capital. "One-fifty is only going to happen once," Mr Salamati said. "By the time we hit Canada 200, we might not be able to do this trip." The celebrations included a concert by Canadian artists, a display from Canada's aerobatics squadron the Snowbirds, a citizenship ceremony for new Canadians, and a massive fireworks display. Canadian theatre giants Cirque du Soleil performed, and Bono and The Edge from  rock band U2 serenaded the crowd with an acoustic set. Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who has made inclusiveness a political calling card, gave a speech celebrating that attribute. "We don't care where you're from or what religion you practise, or whom you love - you are all welcome in Canada," he said to cheers from the crowd. Mr Trudeau's speech was delivered in both English and French, a tradition in Canada, which recognises both as its official languages. "This is as good a reason as any to reflect on our past, to cheer on today, and to recommit ourselves to the future," he said to the 25,000 partygoers who had waited hours to get past security and on to the parliament's lawn. But he also took a moment to remember Canada's indigenous people, whom he said had been "the victims of oppression" since the first settlers arrived. "As a society, we must acknowledge past mistakes," he said, telling the audience that there was still much work to be done in order to achieve reconciliation. However, Canada, he said, was determined to see a reconciliation over the coming years and decades. "It is a choice we make not because of what we did, or who we were, but because of who we are," Mr Trudeau said. Why the world suddenly loves Canada What does it mean to be Canadian today? What's in store for Canada's next 150 years? Indigenous culture is being represented in many ways across the festivities, and a number of indigenous performers are participating in Canada Day concerts in the capital region. Some indigenous peoples refused to recognise Canada 150, saying it represented more than a hundred years of colonisation. Sandwiched between security fences and to the west of the main stage on the parliament's lawn, a group of indigenous protesters have set up a teepee. They have been allowed to stay on Parliament Hill after erecting the structure in the early hours of Thursday morning in what organisers called a "reoccupation". Early on Saturday morning, some of the protesters held a sunrise ceremony, lighting a small fire after negotiating with security to bring firewood onto site. Jess Bolduc, from the Anishinaabe First Nation, said she hoped the day would be one of "conversation and dialogue" when Canada Day revellers flood the lawn. "In celebrating Canada 150, we're celebrating a half-truth," she said. "We need to be thinking about the tens of thousands of years indigenous people have been, and continue to be, here." Across the Ottawa river in Gatineau, Quebec, crowds also lined up to see Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall open a new hall at Canada's Museum of History. Prince Charles' mother, the Queen, is Canada's head of state. Rumela Kabir Booth, from an Indian dance school in Ottawa, helped entertain the crowd before their arrival. "Canada is such a multicultural and inclusive society," she said. "It's great to highlight all the different cultures and aspects that come together." Canada shelled out an estimated C$500m ($385m; Â£293m) on everything from festivities to security and infrastructure projects. Canada Day, held on 1 July each year, marks the merging of four former British colonies into a single new country. It is a national holiday. The country grew in size in the years that followed, and finally achieved complete autonomy from the UK in 1931. It was not until 1982, however, that the British parliament transferred final legal powers to Canada, including the power to amend its constitution. Businesses have also been trying to capitalise. KFC has temporarily rebranded itself "K'ehFC", in reference to the Canadian slang, while coffee shop Tim Hortons is selling a poutine donut - although only at selected US outlets. As Canada celebrates its 150th anniversary, BBC World News will explore this vast country throughout July - from discovering some of the most remote places in Canada on The Travel Show  to documentary-style programming in Canada Stories. To mark this occasion, we are offering Canadian audiences the chance to watch BBC World News as a free channel preview. More details here.	Revellers, police and some protesters have converged on Canada's national capital on Saturday for a party that has been years in the planning.
The 32-year-old former English Amateur champion finished the first round in Paris two shots clear of compatriot Nathan Kimsey, Belgium's Thomas Pieters and Alexander Bjork of Sweden. Tommy Fleetwood continued his good recent form with an opening round of 67 - one of three players on four under. "I gave myself some real chances and took them," said world 279 Waring. Another Englishman, Andy Sullivan, went round Le Golf National - venue for the 2018 Ryder Cup - in 68. Northern Ireland's Graeme McDowell, a former champion, and Wales' Bradley Dredge are among those a further shot behind after rounds of 69. Waring is competing this season on a medical exemption because of back problems which meant he only started four tournaments last year.	England's Paul Waring carded seven birdies in an opening round of 64 to take the lead at the Open de France.
So getting Davos partygoers to care about centuries old artefacts, some of which are being destroyed thousands of miles away, is not the easiest of tasks. But for Peter Salovey, the president of Yale University, the conference's obsession with the present, and with mammon, is short-sighted. After a year in which sites such as Palmyra in Syria and Bhaktapur in Nepal have been destroyed by war and natural disaster, he decided to devote Yale's annual bash at the Belvedere Hotel to the importance of preserving the earth's cultural history. "They are essentially what documents our humanity," he tells me, moments before opening the doors to a horde of Davos dignitaries - including celebrated cellist Yo Yo Ma. "Will [our cultural heritage] be there to inspire us, to unify us as humans? "Will it be there to transcend national boundaries and political conflict?" he says. In order to drive the point home, Yale's guests are handed unusual freebies. There are 3D replicas of a 19th Century BC ancient Babylonian mathematical tablet illustrating Pythagoras' theorem - centuries before Pythagoras - and an exquisite limestone funerary relief from Palmyra of a woman called Haliphat who died in 231 AD. On the back, a small QR code directs curious recipients to a website with more information on these antique treasures. The giveaways are the result of preservation work carried out at Yale's Institute for the Preservation of Cultural Heritage, and the Smithsonian Institution, both of which study how to protect relics from the elements, and how to digitise objects using high-tech imaging techniques. Their work, Peter Salovey says, is more important than ever before. "[Aretfacts] are in incredible danger today," he warns, "from human activity, from war, they are in danger from natural disaster and from climate change; they are in danger from the very tourists who love to see them." But for those who remain unmoved by pleas to safeguard the future of civilisation, the university has an economic incentive. "If you go to Venice, and buy a cappuccino in St Marks Square, why do you pay â‚¬14 (Â£!0; $15)?" asks Stefan Simon, the director of Yale's institute. "It's because you are sitting in front of St Mark's cathedral, in front of Porta della Carta, and the Doge's Palace, and all the centuries of history of that magnificent city." Despite the rise of "virtual museums", in which people can digitally inspect ancient artefacts, Prof Simon argues there is still huge demand to experience cultural heritage first hand. "Why does a city like Berlin have 10 million overnight tourism stays, and not a single DAX company? "Because people want to see the Berlin Wall, the national museums, the castles." It's an argument that may convince potential donors, but the institute's event is also aimed at those with political power. Prof Simon would like to see a return of the "Monument's Men", a US Army unit deployed to save art stolen by the Germans in World War Two, and popularised in a recent Hollywood movie. "I'm advocating for having a cultural preservation component in the military, with the United Nations, with the OECD." But if world leaders won't commit to troops on the ground while sipping Yale's champagne, the events' organisers are hoping that those with deep pockets will help support cultural conservationists and academics. "Leaders in all sectors need to think about these issues," says Peter Salovey. "We want future leaders to appreciate the importance of cultural heritage and to pitch in in protecting it. "This," he adds, "is the future of the past."	To be thought of as "forward thinking" is a badge of honour at the World Economic Forum, where pundits compete for the most quotable prediction of what the next 12 months will bring.
Twenty others were injured in the crush, on the outskirts of Varanasi, a town sacred to many Hindus. A police officer said that 3,000 devotees were expected at the event but 70,000 showed up. Some of the injured people are in a serious condition in hospital. Of the 19 dead, 14 are women. Raj Bahadur, one of the organisers, told the Press Trust of India news agency that after police started turning people back from an overcrowded bridge, a rumour spread that the bridge was broken and people started to run for safety. According to The Times of India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced 200,000 rupees (Â£2,460; $2,997) compensation for the families of the dead. "I have spoken to officials & asked them to ensure all possible help to those affected due to the stampede in Varanasi," Mr Modi tweeted.	At least 24 people have died in a stampede as tens of thousands of people attended a religious event in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Matt Tubbs crossed for Luke Coulson to head the opener before James Constable nodded in to double their advantage. Mid-table Barrow came into the game on a 10-game unbeaten run and Andy Cook halved their deficit from a corner. The Spitfires eventually killed off the visitors, Ben Strevens tapping in after his penalty kick was saved.	Eastleigh scored twice in the first 30 minutes on their way to a comfortable win over Barrow to move to within a point of the final play-off place.
A CitroÃ«n Picasso and a motorbike collided at the junction of Maple Terrace and Cambridge Street in Newcastle, Northumbria Police said. Paul Callan, 21, also known as "Stan", of Charlotte Close, Newcastle, later died. Officers are appealing for witnesses for anyone who saw an "off-road" type motorcycle driven in the area at about 13:00 on 1 December.	A motorcyclist has died after a crash in Newcastle.
The Spanish government is now reviewing the permit for refuelling at its enclave of Ceuta in north Africa. The UK said it would be "extremely concerned" if the refuelling went ahead. Nato expressed concern that the ships could be used to help bomb civilians in Aleppo, but said the final decision on resupply rested with Spain. The battle group has been sailing for the past week from Russia via the English Channel to the Mediterranean. It was expected to pass through the Strait of Gibraltar on Wednesday. The warships were then due to take on fuel and supplies at Ceuta on the Moroccan coast. "The latest stopovers which have been requested are now being revised, based on the information which we are receiving from our allies and from the Russian authorities themselves," a statement from Spain's foreign ministry said. The ministry added that Russian ships have been a frequent user of Ceuta since 2011 and that each request was considered on a "case by case basis". Nato's Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg warned that warships could be used to target civilians in Syria. "We are concerned and I have expressed that very clearly about the potential use of this battle group to increase Russia's ability and to be a platform for air strikes against Syria," he told journalists on Tuesday. "The concern is that the Kuznetsov carrier group can be used as a platform for increased airstrikes against civilians in Aleppo." But he added that it was "for each nation to decide whether these ships can get supplies and fuelling and be fuelled in different harbours along the route towards the eastern Mediterranean." The British Defence Secretary, Michael Fallon, said: "We'd be extremely concerned that any Nato member should consider assisting a Russian carrier group that might end up bombing Syrian civilians." "On the contrary, Nato should be standing together." Other critics included: Led by Russia's only aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov, the naval group includes a nuclear-powered battle cruiser, two anti-submarine warships and four support vessels, probably escorted by submarines. The battle group carries dozens of fighter bombers and helicopters and is expected to join around 10 other Russian vessels already off the Syrian coast. Some 2,700 people have been killed or injured since the Russian-backed Syrian offensive started last month, according to activists. Western leaders have said Russian and Syrian air strikes on Aleppo could amount to war crimes, an accusation rejected by Russia. About 250,000 civilians who live in Aleppo have been trapped by the fighting. Moscow announced last week a "humanitarian pause" in attacks as part of a plan to allow civilians and fighters to leave the area.	Spain is coming under pressure from Nato allies not to allow the refuelling of Russian warships bound for Syria.
Mayka Marica Kukucova, 26, is charged with murdering businessman Andrew Bush, 48, at his mansion near Marbella on the Costa del Sol in April 2014. Prosecutors at the Ciudad de la Justicia in Malaga told the court he died after being shot three times, once in the shoulder and twice in the head. Ms Kukucova has not entered a plea. The court heard the pair met when Ms Kukucova - a Slovak national - was working at a jewellery store owned by Mr Bush in Bristol. In an account of the events leading up to his death, she told the court she had gone to his home to collect her things when he returned unexpectedly from a trip with his new girlfriend Maria Korotaeva. She said: "When he came and saw me he told his girlfriend to go out to the car. "He started shouting and hitting me and took me strongly by the arms. I said I wanted to go but he said no. "He was shouting that he was going to kill me and my family." After a struggle down the stairs, Ms Kukucova said: "Then the gun was in my hands. I threw myself on him and we were fighting and then the gun went off. "I couldn't hear anything. I was just trying to get away. I didn't want to hurt him." She said she had tried to go back upstairs but there was another struggle on the staircase as Mr Bush came after her. "I don't know how many times the gun went off," she said. The court heard Ms Kukucova then left the house and told Ms Korotaeva to get out of Mr Bush's car before driving off. Her defence counsel Carlos Larranaga said: "The facts are that a person has died. There was a homicide but we have not accepted that my client is a murderer. "My client shot him." He told the jury: "You must decide if Mr Bush was killed in an aggressive way, or as a method of defence." She handed herself in to authorities in Slovakia four days after the shooting and was extradited back to Spain to face charges of murder and vehicle theft. The trial continues.	A swimwear model accused of shooting dead her millionaire ex-boyfriend at his home in Spain has told a judge she "never wanted to hurt him".
Jean Havard, from Pontardawe, first signed up as a pre-nursing student just weeks after turning age 17 in 1965. But last week she carried out her final night shift as labour ward co-ordinator at Singleton Hospital in Swansea. Her last shift was extra special, as she delivered 10 babies including a colleague's first grandchild. Ms Havard spent 20 years at Morriston before moving to Singleton in 1991. "It is a wonderful profession, I just love it," she said. "No two shifts are ever the same. But everybody's so happy when a new baby arrives."	A south Wales midwife who has helped to bring thousands of babies into the world has retired after 50 years service.
The authority hopes to create hundreds of jobs and boost the local economy using the site. Although details of its plans are still being finalised, it is thought some of the site could be turned into business units. Plans are also under way to return part of the land to farming and to build homes. The council bought the 600-acre site from the Ministry of Justice, which had earmarked the base as a potential location for a new prison. Cliff Jordan, council cabinet member for efficiency, said: "I am convinced that the price we have paid for the site represents excellent value for money for council taxpayers, and that over time, it can generate a very useful income for the authority. "No ideas are set in stone and we very much welcome the thoughts of local people and those from more widely across Norfolk. Equally, we are open to suggestions regarding a new name for the site. "We understand the strong feelings towards, and importance of, developing the site for commercial purposes while maintaining the rich military heritage which still exists. "We are working closely with English Heritage and have commissioned Cold War experts at the University of East Anglia to help us in our thinking. Allotments for local people and community woodland are also a real possibility."	The former RAF Coltishall base in Norfolk has been bought for £4m by the county council.
Six classic cars were set alight at the premises on the Brustin Brae Road. Owner John Murphy said he doesn't know why he was targeted. "I have no enemies that I know of," he told the BBC. The collection of cars represented 15 years of work for Mr Murphy. Amongst those destroyed were a Lotus Sunbeam and an MG. When he discovered the damage, Mr Murphy said he was devastated: "It's bad enough having a break-in but they didn't have to burn the vehicles, it's just soul destroying. I intended to use the cars for my retirement. "There have been quite a few robberies in this area recently, they come in the hours of darkness and leave a lot of mess behind them." The vintage car fanatic said the fire has left the cars unusable. "I'll try to save what bits I can, but the cars themselves are gone," he said. "Once the tin work is gone, there's no way you can really fix it. The cars are history."	A garage of vintage cars in Larne has been targeted in an arson attack.
Earlier this year a magistrate judge declared a three-drug process the state had proposed to be unconstitutional, but Ohio is appealing against the ruling. The judge banned the use of drugs that paralyse inmates and stop their hearts, but lawyers for the state said they were unable to find a willing supplier. One prisoner was set to die next week. Ronald Phillips was scheduled to be executed on 15 February for raping and killing his girlfriend's three-year-old daughter, but that has now been pushed back to 10 May. Governor Kasich explained that the legal challenge necessitated the delay, but that he is confident that the state will win the appeal, and resume with the scheduled executions. "These delays are necessary to allow the judicial process to come to a full resolution, and ensure that the state can move forward with the executions after the appeal is settled," Mr Kasich said. The US Circuit Court of Appeals in Cincinnati will hear arguments on 21 February. A lawyer for the state's prison agency said that they had contacted seven states to request supplies of Pentobarbital, but were rejected. A court filing says Ohio had asked Alabama, Arizona, Florida, Georgia, Missouri, Texas and Virginia for the drug, but they were unwilling to provide it. Ohio is among several states that have had problems securing legal supplies of drugs used in lethal injections. The number of US executions peaked at 98 in 1999 but has been falling ever since. Only 20 were carried out in 2016. Source: Death Penalty Information Center	Ohio Governor John Kasich has delayed eight upcoming executions amid a row over the legality of the state's execution process.
O'Neill says the West Brom defender has the tactical brain to become a coach. The former Manchester United and Sunderland player, 29, has already won 60 caps for his country. The Northern Ireland squad are holding a training camp in Turkey this week to prepare for their World Cup qualifier against Azerbaijan on Saturday. Ahead of the game, O'Neill singled-out the Belfast native when he was asked which of his players was most suited to a career in management. "Jonny's very bright, very intelligent, he knows the game and has strong opinions on the game," O'Neill said. "Jonny certainly has all the attributes that you would look for in a manager and he's got good qualities as a human being as well as a football coach." Evans made his Manchester United debut under Sir Alex Ferguson and the centre-back has also been coached by David Moyes, Louis van Gaal, Roy Keane and Tony Pulis during his 11-year senior career. "Within the squad, they all have capabilities and know the game," O'Neill added. "We have a lot of people who have a lot of good human qualities that I think would make them a good manager." "But you just never know with players. Everyone comes at different times and has a different career path. The biggest thing now is, 'Are you prepared to do the work? Are you prepared to go and start somewhere and work your way into it?'." "The modern-day player may not just have that desire. You've so many opportunities outside the game. We're seeing people who were perceived as if they were going to be top managers actually settle for being pundits." "If you have the playing career that some of those guys had I think that's fully understandable. I had to go and start at Brechin City while I was working in financial services - that was what was open to me." "You do it, work as hard as you can, and hopefully have success. It's where lads get the opportunity and whether they're prepared to take it and stick at it." "It's a very challenging career but that's what makes it enjoyable. It's very difficult to find something after your playing career that will give you that level of focus and that level of challenge, and certainly management does that." Northern Ireland are second in Group C, five points behind Germany but remain on course for a play-off spot.	Northern Ireland boss Michael O'Neill believes Jonny Evans could have a successful career in football management when he chooses to retire.
Wiggins, 36, took the anti-inflammatory drug triamcinolone for allergies and respiratory problems, after applying for therapeutic use exemptions (TUEs). He said he used the drug to put himself "back on a level playing field". "I think it is up to Bradley - he needs to clear his name," Hoy said. Former Team Sky team-mate Froome, 31, said: "Questions remain over his symptoms, the choice of treatment and the related performance benefits from that treatment." But he said it was "impossible to say" whether Wiggins was "operating in a grey area". TUEs allow the use of banned substances if athletes have a genuine medical need. Wiggins agrees riders have "abused" triamcinolone in the past and some have questioned why that particular drug was used just days before major races. They include Wiggins' former team doctor Prentice Steffen, who said: "In retrospect it doesn't look good - it doesn't look right from a health or sporting perspective." Wiggins is Britain's most decorated Olympian and became the first British winner of the Tour in 2012. During his time at Sky, he took triamcinolone shortly before the 2011 and 2012 Tours and the 2013 Giro d'Italia, his TUEs having been approved by British authorities and cycling's world governing body, the UCI. "I knew he had asthma, but I wasn't aware of his allergies," Froome, who won the Tour in 2013, 2015 and 2016, told cyclingnews.com. "It's a great shame for the sport that we're once again debating the validity of a Tour de France victory." Hoy told BBC Radio 2's Simon Mayo show: "It's not been a great few weeks for Team Sky and for Bradley, in particular. Bradley needs to explain what the situation was. "I think he has to answer questions, otherwise there will always be a question mark hanging over him." Media playback is not supported on this device Mark Cavendish, a former team-mate at Sky and a member of the British Cycling track team alongside Wiggins at the Rio Olympics this summer, said he would not "speculate" about the case. "Whatever I think, whether I believe in him or don't believe in him, I'm speculating," 31-year-old Cavendish, who won world madison gold on the track with Wiggins in 2016, told BBC Sport. "I don't know. I'll just let him deal with it." There is no suggestion that Wiggins or Team Sky broke any rules. Team Sky principal Sir Dave Brailsford, the British Cycling performance director until April 2014, has denied any wrongdoing, although he said this week he was "not proud" of how he had handled the allegations. Media playback is not supported on this device	Three-time Tour de France winner Chris Froome and six-time Olympic champion Sir Chris Hoy say "questions remain" over Sir Bradley Wiggins' use of a banned steroid before major races.
The Celtic manager was the man who first brought the Iceland midfielder to Liberty Stadium on loan from Hoffenheim in 2012, when Rodgers was in charge. Everton have yet to match Swansea's £50m valuation for the 27-year-old. "Gylfi is an outstanding player and if he was to go I know it would be with a heavy heart," Rodgers said. "I took him to Swansea firstly on loan and I know how much it means to him. He's been a great servant there and currently still is until anything changes." While Rodgers is not sure whether Sigurdsson will leave Swansea - who he rejoined permanently from Tottenham in 2014 - in this transfer window, the Celtic boss is sure that the Welsh club have plans to fill any gap created. "If Gylfi does go - and it's a big if at the moment - I'm sure the scouting and recruitment team will have the people behind the scenes they want to bring in," added Rodgers, who was back at Swansea for Swans legend Alan Tate's testimonial. "The strength of Swansea has always been the team. It lost individuals when I was there, players moved on, but the strength of Swansea is it's one team with one club."	Gylfi Sigurdsson would leave Swansea "with a heavy heart" if his proposed transfer to Everton materialises, according to ex-boss Brendan Rodgers.
Find out more about each of the candidates below. Robert Evans, who is standing as the Labour candidate, was the first MEP for London North West, specialising during his time in the European Parliament on European crime prevention. He is a former primary school teacher who now works as a freelance consultant and public-relations executive and is the chairman of Runnymede and Weybridge Labour Party. Mr Evans is campaigning to resist funding cuts and "privatisation" plans and said he would "reverse" cuts in support for domestic abuse and freeze further police station closures, pledging there would be no "soft touch" policing on his watch. Robert Evans's election statement Kevin Hurley, a former borough and public-order commander with the Met, is standing as a candidate for the "zero tolerance policing ex chief" party. He comes from a family with strong police links - his parents served in the force as does his son - and has experience of dealing with police balance sheets as well as being a chief constable in Iraq. The former detective chief superintendent describes his police methods as "no nonsense" and said he wanted police chiefs to be leaders, not bureaucratic managers, and he was a strong believer in zero-tolerance policing. Kevin Hurley's election statement Julie Iles, was selected from an initial shortlist of six candidates by the Conservative Party in Surrey. She has been a magistrate for 10 years and chairman of the South East Surrey Youth Panel, serving on the youth justice advisory committee. She worked in information technology for 20 years, advising business executives. Mrs Iles says she wants to correct the disparity between Surrey's low crime rate and poor detection rate, ensuring police are "visible" and available to the public, and to work with other agencies to target anti-social behaviour and alcohol-related crime. Julie Iles's election statement Nick O'Shea is a businessman and former Mole Valley district councillor, with strong police connections, who has been chosen as the Liberal Democrat candidate. His father and grandfather were both in the Surrey force and another family member is currently a serving officer. Mr O'Shea is a director of a number of businesses and a chartered management accountant. He said he wanted to put the focus on victims and witnesses of crime - improving support to encourage more offences to be reported. Nick O'Shea's election statement Former Surrey police officer Robert Shatwell is UKIP's candidate. He said he understood the workings of Surrey Police and the problems it faced because he was part of the force for 18 years. Mr Shatwell wants to re-establish the beat officer system and continue UKIP's policy of "zero tolerance" on crime. He said prison sentences were far too lenient and there was no deterrent being used to reduce the number and severity of crimes. UKIP leader and South East of England MEP Nigel Farage said he was delighted that the party had a candidate with such experience running for the position. Robert Shatwell's election statement The current chairman of Surrey Police Authority, Peter Williams, has been an independent member of the organisation he hopes to replace for nine years. He has worked in the criminal-justice system for more than 20 years and has been a magistrate for 17. He said that as a chief executive he has experience of handling large budgets. Mr Williams wants to build on the county's recent reputation for high public satisfaction by continuing to consult residents on policing and said his priorities would include tackling anti-social behaviour, collaboration with neighbouring forces and holding the chief constable to account. Peter Williams's election statement	Independent Kevin Hurley has been elected police and crime commissioner for Surrey.
Starting in north east Wales, Stephen Crabb and Lord Maude's visits include Airbus in Broughton and Wrexham-based financial services company DTCC. Mr Crabb said he wanted to "showcase our country to the world", and show how the UK government could help companies. Foreign investment created over 5,000 Welsh jobs in 2015, ministers said. "Last year 4,000 Welsh companies took their first steps into export, and this year we are already up to 3000," Mr Crabb said as the tour began on Thursday. "I urge those companies considering exporting to go on the Exporting is Great website or come to the first ever Exporting is Great roadshow in Wales, which kicks off next month." Lord Maude added: "It has been inspiring seeing the enthusiasm for exporting here in Wales, and hearing the success that can be achieved when companies start to expand overseas. "With exports approaching Â£3bn each year in Wales alone, there is clearly demand out there for UK products and services." On Friday, Lord Maude will be in Deeside, visiting Toyota's engine plant and medical supplies firm ConvaTec, where he will meet the Welsh government's Economy Minister Edwina Hart. UK Trade and Investment, the government department responsible for encouraging investment by overseas firms, works with the Welsh government to bring projects to Wales. On Wednesday, Mrs Hart announced plans for up to 44 events in 16 countries to raise Wales' trade and tourism profile in 2016-17.	The Welsh secretary and the UK trade minister have begun a two-day tour of successful firms in Wales, as part of a drive to boost exports.
Baroness Campbell, former chair of UK Sport, was speaking at the Wembley launch of plans to double participation in the women's game by 2020. The FA is also targeting victory for England at the 2023 Women's World Cup. "One of the big challenges in the women's game is just developing athleticism," Campbell told BBC Sport. "It is not technical and tactical - [in those aspects] they are probably as good as anybody in the world. "But that athleticism that you see in the American players or the Germans is a very different type of athleticism, power and agility. We have got a long way to go. "We need to build it in much earlier. We can't suddenly do that. We need to be working with players much earlier on." Baroness Campbell's comments came when she was asked why the FA had not set Mark Sampson's side the target of winning the next Women's World Cup in 2019, given that they finished third in Canada two years ago. But the former junior international pentathlete and netball player said the goal of winning in 2019 was "probably not realistic". Campbell, who joined the FA in January 2016, wants to improve the talent pathway for younger England players, in anticipation that some of the current senior side could retire before 2019. The United States have won the Women's World Cup a record three times, while Germany have triumphed twice, with England's bronze medal in Canada their best result so far.	Women players in England are technically excellent but need to be more athletic, says the Football Association's head of women's football.
"Q" Johnson, also known as Ricky or Jamie Sampson, and a man known as "Diego" are being sought over the attack on 26 December in Reading. It happened close to the junction of Sidmouth Street and Queens Road. The male victim was stabbed with a kitchen knife and treated for chest wounds and a punctured lung. Detectives believe the stabbing was not a random attack and reminded the public that the "harbouring of these men" could be a crime. Police said "Q" Johnson, 21, has links to Reading, Bedford and Wandsworth in London. Both men are black, about 5ft 8ins and of medium build. Det Con Ben Sherriff said: "If you are harbouring either of these men then you could be committing a crime, so it is vitally important that you contact us now."	Images have been released of two men wanted in connection with a street stabbing which is being treated as attempted murder.
The 28-year-old former Portsmouth and Bristol City forward has scored four goals in 31 games this season, with just one of them coming in League One. His best goalscoring campaign to date was in 2010-11, when he netted 12 times for Rotherham in the fourth tier. "He's a striker that takes the ball in - he'll take us up the pitch," Pilgrims boss Derek Adams told BBC Radio Devon. "He's experienced, he's won promotion out of this league and he's played the last five games for Oxford, so he comes in and he's ready to go." Meanwhile, Adams says he hopes to sign a winger from a Championship club before the transfer window closes. "It's been going on for a number of weeks now, and we're just waiting to hear back," the 41-year-old added.	Plymouth Argyle have signed striker Ryan Taylor after his Oxford United deal was cancelled by mutual consent.
Wednesday's 3-0 home defeat by Morton left Hibs eight points behind leaders Rangers with 11 games remaining. "It certainly doesn't make it any easier but we have been eight behind before and we managed to claw it back," Stubbs told BBC Scotland. "We'll keep going, as we have done all season." Hibs had not lost at home in all competitions since July and they travel to face Dumbarton on Saturday before visiting Queen of the South on Tuesday. Stubbs' men then have a Scottish Cup quarter-final with Inverness followed by the League Cup final against Ross County. Only the Championship's winners will gain automatic promotion to the Premiership, with the sides finishing second, third and fourth going into the play-offs. "Tonight is a blow, it's a blip," said Stubbs. "It's going to be an uphill challenge but we'll obviously give it our best shot until the end of the season. "We've been fantastic for the majority of the season and it's disappointing when you lose a game of football. "I've got to say I've not been in this position a lot of times this season and that's where the players deserve a lot of credit. "They've not performed as well as what they have done and they're as disappointed as anybody but the good thing is we go again on Saturday and we've got a lot to play for. "They know they've dropped below their levels tonight. We've had chances and unfortunately we haven't taken them. When Morton had chances they've taken them and all credit to them. "I don't want to take anything away from them. It's a great result for them, it's a poor result for us." The hosts had opportunities, most notably Jason Cummings with a close-range header, before Thomas O'Ware, Denny Johnstone and Ross Forbes netted for Jim Duffy's visitors. "We started the game okay then we had a period when we had a couple of half-chances," Stubbs explained. "Jason's one in the middle of the goal, he should score but that probably summed the night up, really. "We just lacked a little bit of urgency. I thought we made too many wrong decisions." Morton boss Duffy lauded his side's display after they moved to within a point of the promotion play-off places. "It was an outstanding performance from the team," he said. "Overall, I didn't think we had a failure. I think everybody deserves the credit. "To win in the manner we did, we're absolutely thrilled."	Head coach Alan Stubbs says it will "be an uphill challenge" for Hibernian to win the Championship but insists they can claw back their deficit.
He has agreed a four-year deal and has joined for an undisclosed fee. The midfielder, 27, has won 30 international caps and could make his debut for Wolves in their away game at Birmingham on Saturday. "I like the vision of the club - everybody wants to get to the Premier League and that is a challenge that I like," Oniangue told the club website. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.	Championship club Wolves have signed Congo captain Prince Oniangue from French top-flight side Reims.
The British number one, 24, lost 4-6 6-2 7-5 to Croatia's Mirjana Lucic-Baroni, 33, in round two of the Abierto Mexicano Telcel in Acapulco. Fourth seed Konta had two break points in the 11th game of the final set but failed to take them. Fellow Briton Aljaz Bedene is out of the men's event after he lost 4-6 7-6 (7-3) 4-6 to Dutchman Robin Haase.	Johanna Konta has been beaten in her first tournament since reaching the semi-finals of the Australian Open.
The 25-year-old has been with the Lions since an initial loan spell from Newcastle United in 2015. The Northern Ireland international has scored three goals in 34 appearances for Millwall so far this season. "It was an easy decision. The team, coaching staff and fans have all made me feel at home here. I am excited to be staying," he told the club website.	Millwall winger Shane Ferguson has signed a new deal with the League One club until the summer of 2019.
Media playback is not supported on this device The Mercedes driver said he had trained hard but had no idea whether he was fit enough for cars which could be four seconds a lap faster than 2016. "I don't know if I'll be easily fit enough, or will struggle a bit or be super-underneath and need to work harder," the 32-year-old said. While confident, he said he did not know if Mercedes would remain in front. The three-time world champion, in an exclusive interview with BBC Radio 5 live, added that he: Listen - 'I'm very happy to have Lewis as my team-mate' Hamilton lost the world title last year at least partly because he had worse reliability than Rosberg. But asked how much that hurt, he said: "Nowhere near as much as you think. It doesn't change my life. You just move onwards and hopefully upwards." Hamilton said it would be "strange" not having Rosberg in the team following the German's decision to retire last season but added: "I have rivalry with everyone so it doesn't really matter who it is against." Media playback is not supported on this device Of his new Finnish team-mate, who joins from Williams, Hamilton said: "I have known him a little bit from being at the track and he seems a really nice, pleasant guy and I look forward to working with him and racing against him. I always welcome challenges and competition." Botta, 27, added: "I've always wanted to be partnering a team-mate who is very good and Lewis obviously is. "At the same time for me it's also a big challenge. I'm still much less experienced than him but I almost see that is a positive thing and a good thing. "I'm just very happy to see Lewis as my team-mate and I see no reason why we couldn't be a good pair of team mates and race hard on track." F1 has introduced new rules this year that have changed the look of the cars and made them much faster. Swept back front wings, lower and wider rear wings, bigger tyres and a larger floor area should add up to at least a 30% increase in downforce and vastly faster cornering speeds and forces. In addition, Pirelli has been told to produce tyres on which drivers can push hard throughout a grand prix, rather than having to nurse them by driving a second or more off the pace to prevent them overheating. But Hamilton said he had concerns about whether the new rules would improve F1. "My engineers say it's going to be a lot harder to overtake," Hamilton said. "If we see overtaking is worse, it's going to be worse for the fans, the spectacle will be worse so I'm hoping that's not the case. "For example, I heard tyres might not be as grippy as we'd hoped but the aero downforce is going to be huge because it's a bigger, wider car so there's going to be more downforce, so the car behind will be affected even more than it ever was before. "And I've heard the engineers said this would potentially happen and there is an alternative route but this is the route that's chosen. "So we are where we are and I really hope that the engineers, who are the smartest guys, are wrong and I hope that the spectacle is greater and the most competitive that it's ever been and if it is, then I look forward to being part of that." Hamilton said expecting Mercedes to dominate this year in the manner of the past three seasons was "just jumping to the easy conclusion". He added: "It's a completely new slate. It might be Ferrari at the front, it might be Red Bull, we have no idea. "I think the big unknown is Red Bull, I think they always create an amazing car and this is a new area of downforce and they're amazing at creating downforce so I think it'll be really interesting to see what they pull out and I'm hoping it'll be a real mixture of competition. "I hope it'll be close so we'll be fighting with Red Bull and Ferrari. That's what the fans want to see." US group Liberty Media completed its takeover of F1's commercial arm last month, removed Bernie Ecclestone as chief executive, and is formulating plans for the future. Hamilton said: "I'm excited for the new owners who have come in and I hope they do something new and I really think they're going to bring new blood, new ideas, new ways of engaging the fans in a new and unique way. "F1 is a bit outdated in the sense that if you look at other sports they're further ahead in the entertainment factor but F1 is catching up and I think there's a lot of catching up to do." He said he believed Liberty should ask the fans for their opinions. "The first step would be to see what the fans feel they're lacking, what they feel they would want more of," he said. "I think you'd get a good balance of opinions of people who have been to a grand prix. You'd get a lot of opinions but, a bit like our government, it might go the wrong way." This content will not work on your device, please check Javascript and cookies are enabled or update your browser	Lewis Hamilton says he believes the new faster Formula 1 cars this year will be a "massive challenge".
The 7.5 metre (24.5ft) male shark was discovered on Kirk Michael beach on the west coast of the island. A Manx Basking Shark Watch spokeswoman said people should not go near the carcass as it is very decomposed. The Isle of Man government will take samples for scientific investigation before burying the shark. Marine Officer for the Manx Wildlife Trust Lara Howe said from initial inspection is looks like the creature died from "natural causes." "We recommend that people don't touch it or let their dogs near it as the carcass can contain harmful bacteria," she said. Basking sharks are are the second largest fish in the world, feed on plankton and are usually spotted in Manx waters from mid-May. Anyone who sees a shark off the island's coast over the next few months can report the sighting to either Whale and Dolphin Watch or the Manx Basking Shark Watch. According to Jackie Hall of the Manx Basking Shark Watch, the sharks may be native and never actually leave Manx waters.	A decomposing basking shark washed up on an Isle of Man beach may pose a "serious health hazard", wildlife experts have warned.
County made a blistering start and Craig Curran headed Christopher Routis' free-kick past goalkeeper Joe Lewis. Curran headed over minutes later, and as Aberdeen improved Mark Reynolds volleyed them level. The Dons were relentless in their pursuit of a second goal and Shay Logan headed them ahead, but Jim O'Brien hit the bar as County finished strongly. All eyes were on Aberdeen debutant Stevie May, with Ross Draper also beginning in the Ross County side after completing his move from Inverness Caledonian Thistle. However, the route to three points came from the unlikely source of two defenders for Derek McInnes' side. What is perhaps most impressive about the Pittodrie side is the quality and depth they now possess. Ryan Christie, Nicky Maynard and Adam Rooney all started on the bench. County looked very impressive in the opening stages and were rewarded immediately, taking the lead within 80 seconds. Routis floated in a wonderful free-kick from the left which Curran expertly glanced into the corner. Curran went close again with another header but they relinquished control and were eventually punished. Their equaliser was a stunning volley from centre-half Reynolds who positioned himself on the edge of the box before dispatching a clearance home in style. They dominated much of the second half with Greg Stewart, Greg Tansey and May all going close before they inevitably went ahead. Gary MacKay-Steven got to the byeline and dinked a cross to the back post, where Logan arrived to nod home from a couple of yards. Logan has now scored 14 goals for the Dons, six of them coming against Ross County. The visitors did get a late break before seeing out the win, though, when County's O'Brien cracked a fierce long-range drive off the bar. A total of three points from a difficult opening two games is a decent return for Ross County, but manager Jim McIntyre must have hoped more were coming after their opening here. Media playback is not supported on this device Ross County manager Jim McIntyre: "The first 15 minutes I was really pleased, we really got at Aberdeen. But after that we were guilty of gifting the ball away. "In the second half we were flagging, maybe the extra-time in midweek had an effect, but it's no excuse, we're a fit team. "Aberdeen are a top side. You need to defend well when you come up against good teams and I felt we did that. In the main the boys gave it everything they had, they just didn't have the bit of extra quality." Media playback is not supported on this device Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes: "If you're going to lose a goal, lose it in the first minute. It was a gift. "The onus was on us to grab the game. We started to get our game going. Second half, I thought we took charge of the game. Our willingness and determination to make the game go our way was evident in the winning goal. "I thought Stevie May, other than scoring, had a fantastic debut. He was a constant threat, he dropped off, looked after the ball, played on the shoulder. He never gives centre halves a minute." Aberdeen striker Stevie May: "It was a tough start for us, we should have started much better but we got the job done. "We've got four players in attacking positions there that can play every single place, intertwining. It's only going to get better. "I don't think competition is ever bad, especially in the numbers we've got and quality we've got in the squad. It speaks volumes for the club and ambition of the club. It's always healthy. "It's a good start from my point of view." Match ends, Ross County 1, Aberdeen 2. Second Half ends, Ross County 1, Aberdeen 2. Attempt missed. Scott Wright (Aberdeen) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Jim O'Brien (Ross County) hits the bar with a right footed shot from outside the box. Foul by Graeme Shinnie (Aberdeen). Marcus Fraser (Ross County) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Scott Wright (Aberdeen) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Jamie Lindsay (Ross County). Attempt missed. Nicky Maynard (Aberdeen) header from the left side of the six yard box is just a bit too high. Corner,  Aberdeen. Conceded by Michael Gardyne. Substitution, Aberdeen. Nicky Maynard replaces Stevie May. Foul by Greg Tansey (Aberdeen). Jamie Lindsay (Ross County) wins a free kick on the left wing. Attempt saved. Andrew Considine (Aberdeen) header from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Davis Keillor-Dunn (Ross County) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Scott Wright (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Davis Keillor-Dunn (Ross County). Corner,  Ross County. Conceded by Joe Lewis. Attempt saved. Jim O'Brien (Ross County) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Ryan Christie (Aberdeen) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Kenny van der Weg (Ross County). Substitution, Aberdeen. Scott Wright replaces Greg Stewart. Substitution, Aberdeen. Ryan Christie replaces Gary Mackay-Steven. Thomas Mikkelsen (Ross County) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Anthony O'Connor (Aberdeen). Substitution, Ross County. Davis Keillor-Dunn replaces Ross Draper. Graeme Shinnie (Aberdeen) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Ross Draper (Ross County) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Graeme Shinnie (Aberdeen). Goal!  Ross County 1, Aberdeen 2. Shaleum Logan (Aberdeen) header from the right side of the six yard box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Gary Mackay-Steven. Attempt saved. Anthony O'Connor (Aberdeen) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Delay over. They are ready to continue. Delay in match Scott Fox (Ross County) because of an injury. (Ross County) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Greg Stewart (Aberdeen). Attempt saved. Craig Curran (Ross County) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Jim O'Brien (Ross County) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Greg Tansey (Aberdeen). Corner,  Aberdeen. Conceded by Andrew Davies. Foul by Kenny van der Weg (Ross County).	Aberdeen recovered from a nightmare start to come from behind and beat Ross County in Dingwall.
The rebel al-Nusra Front said the man conducted the bombing on their behalf. It was one of four attacks carried out in the northern city of Idlib that day. It is thought to be the first suicide attack by a US citizen in the conflict. More than 100,000 people have been killed in the battle between forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and those opposed to his rule. "I can confirm that this individual was a US citizen involved in a suicide bombing in Syria," state department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said. The man was believed to be Moner Mohammad Abu-Salha, she said. The department was "concerned about the flow of foreign fighters in and out of Syria", Ms Psaki added. Source: Quilliam Foundation The al-Nusra Front, a militant Islamist group that has pledged allegiance to al-Qaeda, said the man used a truck carrying explosives to conduct the attack. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said dozens of soldiers were killed by the series of bombings on Sunday, AFP news agency reported. Syria's internal conflict, which began in 2011, has destroyed whole neighbourhoods and forced nearly three million people to flee the country.	A US citizen carried out a suicide bombing against Syrian troops on Sunday, the US state department says.
The group of about 70 recently released prisoners said they were aware of the suffering and "damage" they had caused. The statement was read out at a meeting in the Basque Spanish town of Durango. It was the first time the ex-prisoners had appeared in public together. The government has condemned the event, describing it as a "witches' sabbath". The statement issued by the former prisoners on Saturday said they "accepted full responsibility for the consequences of the conflict". They said they recognised the "multilateral damage" from their past actions, as well as the "mixed feeling" caused by their words. "That is why we will act responsibly with positive and constructive will and vision," the statement said. The statement also demanded an amnesty for remaining Eta detainees. The BBC's Tom Burridge in Madrid said it will be interpreted by some as a guarded apology. The militants were convicted for shootings and bombings from the 1970s to the 1990s. Last year, the European Court of Human Rights ruled that they should be freed. The government, while condemning the ruling, began releasing the prisoners in October. The government opposes negotiations with Eta, which in 2011 declared an end to its armed campaign to create a Basque state in northern Spain and south-western France. On Friday the Spanish interior minister said he was only interested in the "unconditional dissolution" of Eta. More than 800 people have been killed by Eta in its four-decade campaign.	Former militants from the Basque separatist group Eta have expressed regret for carrying out acts of violence in the past.
After a close semi-final, Max Vickers, Craig Ward, Truly Ford and Jason Jones were sent home. This means Gavin Rossdale is the only coach without any acts in the final. In no particular order, take a look at The Voice 2017 finalists. Act: Into the Ark Coach: Tom Jones Into the Ark are made up of 20-year-old Taylor Jones and 25-year-old Dane Lloyd from South Wales. They met when they were teenagers and found out they had the same taste in music. They've been playing together ever since! Act: Michelle John Coach: Will.i.am When she was little, Michelle started singing in her local Gospel Choir. So far in her career, she's worked with lots of different musicians including Ed Sheeran. She's even performed at a concert for Barack Obama at The White House. Michelle was a vocal coach on an old TV singing contest called Pop Idol but now she's front of stage and ready for the final. Act: Mo Adeniran Coach: Jennifer Hudson Twenty-one-year-old Mo was asked to audition for The Voice after people heard him sing at an open mic night. He almost teamed up with his housemate, Max Vickers, to perform as a duo but they decided they weren't ready. Sadly, his friend Max is out of the show but Mo is still in with a chance of winning The Voice. Act: Jamie Miller Coach: Jennifer Hudson At 19-years-old, Jamie is the youngest finalist in The Voice 2017. He quit his job for a chance on the show and has a supportive family in Cardiff. Jamie's been singing since primary school and his older sisters are pretty proud of their brother for getting this far. Good luck to all four finalists!	Making it through to the final of The Voice 2017 are... drum roll please... Michelle John, Mo Adeniran, Into The Ark and Jamie Miller!
Sir Jonathan previously held the role of senior vice president of design and helped design of some of the tech giant's most popular gadgets. He was knighted in 2012 for his services to design. The move was first revealed in an interview with Sir Jonathan in the Telegraph newspaper. In an internal memo to employees, published later by tech blog 9to5Mac, chief executive Tim Cook said Sir Jonathan's newly created role would now expand beyond its devices and into designing the company's retail stores, new California campus and even office furniture. Apple is in the middle of building a new campus, also known as "spaceship" for its circular shape that will house about 12,000 workers. "In this new role, he will focus entirely on current design projects, new ideas and future initiatives," Mr Cook said in the memo. "Jony is one of the most talented and accomplished designers of his generation, with an astonishing 5,000 design and utility patents to his name." Sir Jonathan has helped design products like the iPod, iPhone, iPad and smartwatch over the last couple of decades. There were reports earlier this year that Apple was working on a car and that he could be behind its design. He will start the new role in July. Some of Sir Jonathan's previous day-to-day management duties will now be shared by two other executives, who will work under him. Richard Howarth - another Brit - will take over as the new head of industrial design at Apple, making him responsible for the crafting of its hardware. His name previously came to prominence during an Apple v Samsung patent fight in 2012, when court filings revealed he had played a key role in the design of the original iPhone. And Alan Dye - an American - will become vice president of user interface design - putting him in charge of engineering the way consumers interact with its software. He recently featured in a Wired article, which described the work he had done on the Apple Watch. Allowing Sir Jonathan to take a step back from some of his previous duties may reflect the fact that he was described as "exhausted" in a recent profile by the New Yorker. "I just burnt myself into not being very well," he told the magazine, referring to the fact he had suffered pneumonia in the run-up to the release of the firm's smartwatch. The article, published in February, said Sir Jonathan had wished to discourage the suggestion that he might be preparing to leave Apple. Confirmation that he intends to stay with the company - albeit while engaging in more travel away from its California base - is likely to reassure investors. "Jony Ive is intrinsically linked to the Apple phenomenon," commented Ben Wood from the CCS Insight tech consultancy. "Apple runs through his veins in the same way it did with Steve Jobs, thanks to the focus he has given to the products that it has delivered. "To be one step removed from that does come with some risks for the organisation." Apple's market capitalisation currently stands at $763.6bn (Â£495.3bn), making it the most valuable company in the world.	Apple has promoted British designer Jony Ive to the role of chief design officer at the world's most valuable company, according to reports.
There were times in the middle period, on the economy and EU aid, when it felt that Nigel Farage was dictating the terms of the debate. The first minister regained some ground in the question and answer sessions but his punchy quick-fire style, followed up by a question, gave plenty of airtime to the UKIP leader who was more than happy to use it as a platform to launch yet another attack on the EU. Did we learn anything new? Well if we didn't know already, we learnt how difficult it is for an opponent to land a blow on the UKIP leader in a debate like this. There were potential opportunities for the First Minister over concerns expressed by firms like Airbus, and there was a moment when he appeared to have Mr Farage in trouble early on by repeatedly asking him to back up his claim that more than 70% of British laws are made in the EU. Was this the moment the former barrister would have the former financier on the ropes? Well not exactly as the blows were not landed fully. Instead Nigel Farage was beginning to dish it out himself as he rubbished claims that farming would be decimated by a withdrawal, and that Airbus would pull out, sarcastically claiming that planes need wings to fly (this is the reference to the wing-making factory in Flintshire.) It was breathless stuff at times. The two men, who were clearly pumped up, got into full flow remarkably quickly. They had very different styles. Carwyn Jones had an unflashy bread and butter approach in which he relied on his experience in his job speaking to potential inward investors and big business in Wales, who all told him that they want the UK to remain in the EU. The basis of his argument was risk. The fear-card was played repeatedly as he questioned why anyone would risk jobs and aid with a withdrawal. And he also questioned why there needed to be the choice of an in or out in the first place, as he tried to convey a sense of ease at being Welsh and being part of the UK and the EU. Nigel Farage's argument revolved around the familiar theme of sovereignty and being prepared to "take back our birthright." One of the livelier exchanges was about the steel industry. Mr Farage claimed that if the UK was set free from the EU it wouldn't allow dumping by the Chinese steel producers, making it more likely that Tata would be investing in Port Talbot, rather than a sister plant in Holland. And on agriculture, he effectively dealt with concerns about the loss of EU subsidies, saying that farming existed well before the setting up of the EU in the 1970s, and a British system of support would easily be devised. It was all engaging stuff, and largely good natured. If the rest of the EU campaign is anything like this it'll be a lively affair.	This was a tough night at the office for Carwyn Jones.
Justin Welby said it was an "enormous privilege" to house the family, as he helped launch a Home Office scheme to encourage community groups to sponsor refugee families coming to the country. Churches, charities and businesses have been asked to offer support. The UK has said it will take in 20,000 vulnerable refugees from Syria by 2020. Launched by Mr Welby and new Home Secretary Amber Rudd, the scheme is designed to make it easier for churches, charities, faith groups and businesses to help support refugees attempting to restart their lives in the UK. Under the new scheme, refugees arriving in the UK can be directly sponsored by community groups, which would meet them at the airport, provide housing for them and help them settle into their new lives. A website has been set up by the Home Office to enable businesses and individuals to donate to refugees. Last year, then Prime Minister David Cameron announced that Britain would take in 20,000 of the most vulnerable refugees from Syria by 2020. So far, 1,800 have arrived and been resettled. Asma was once a successful architect living what she describes as a "fancy life." And then one day it all - quite literally - came crashing down. She had gone out to the shops in the Syrian city of Homs when a missile hit her home, killing her entire family. "My house was destroyed. All my family were inside. When you lose everything and have to start again in a new country, it's not easy," she said. Asma came to the UK under the Vulnerable Persons Relocation Scheme, and now lives in Bradford where she is trying to get the qualifications she needs to start work. Her training is funded by World Jewish Relief, the British Jewish community's international development agency. The sponsorship scheme is backed by Mr Welby, who became its first official sponsor when he took in a Syrian family. He said the family were "treasured human beings" who deserved the opportunity to flourish. "It is an enormous privilege to welcome a family to live in a cottage on the grounds of Lambeth Palace. "The scheme is a way of ensuring that those who come are surrounded by love and concern and support. Many of them come with deep trauma," he added. Ms Rudd, who used her first public appearance as home secretary to launch the scheme, added: "The response of the British public to the refugee crisis has been one of overwhelming generosity and many have been moved to make kind offers of assistance." She denied it was a way of getting the community to pick up the tab for the refugees. "It's not about cutting costs. It's about making sure that families who come here really are welcomed," she said. The West London Synagogue of British Jews - which has a tradition of helping refugees - is one of the organisations now planning to host a Syrian family. "This seems to me a good way forward," Rabbi Neil Janes said. Referring to the racist attacks and "toxic environment" that have followed the EU referendum, he added: "I think most of British society wants to help the most vulnerable. It's only a minority who are creating a difficult climate."	A Syrian family taken in by the UK are living in an empty cottage in the grounds of Lambeth Palace, the Archbishop of Canterbury has said.
It comes after a report by academics branded UK government proposals to clarify devolution for Wales as "convoluted" and "unstable". Carwyn Jones said he had warned UK ministers he would not back plans if they turn out to be "overly complex". Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb insisted the plans would give ministers in Cardiff Bay more power, not less. The report, by the Wales Governance Centre at Cardiff University and the Constitution Unit at University College London, looked at proposals to set up a so-called reserved powers model of devolution, as in Scotland. Wales currently has a conferred powers model, which lists all the responsibilities the assembly has been granted by the UK government. In Scotland, all policy areas are assumed to be the responsibility of the parliament in Edinburgh, unless specifically reserved by Westminster - such as foreign affairs and defence. The Welsh government said it would be easier to understand how devolution works if Wales had a reserved powers model too. It would also avoid legal tussles over the extent of the assembly's powers, ministers claim. In a statement, Mr Jones said: "The people of Wales would not accept unworkable or overly complex legislation that's not in the best interest of Wales. "I made this abundantly clear to the Secretary of State for Wales in our meeting last week. Any attempt to row-back on the current settlement will not be acceptable to them. "As I've said before, if we are not satisfied that the Bill meets the needs of Wales, we will not support it. "The challenge is there for the UK Government to produce a straightforward Bill that does not restrict the powers of the people of Wales and gains their support." The report, unveiled on Thursday, said decisions about which powers are kept by Westminster should be based on "wider principles about how a devolved UK should work". "Another ad hoc political bargain underpinned by short-term considerations will not produce a robust, stable and lasting settlement," it warns. Prof Richard Wyn Jones from the Wales Governance Centre said: "The problem that we've identified with the proposals is that frankly the Wales Office haven't thought this through properly. "They seem to be suggesting a model of devolution which is actually going to be convoluted rather than clear, which is going to be unstable rather than robust and which frankly doesn't really stand much of a chance of lasting very long." Assembly Presiding Officer Dame Rosemary Butler said the report "chimes closely with my own vision for what a move to reserved powers should achieve - a clearer, more workable devolution settlement for the people of Wales". Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb rejected the suggestion that the UK government wanted to take away power from the assembly as "just not true". "As was demonstrated in the St David's Day agreement, we're giving really significant extra powers to Welsh Government and the Welsh Assembly," he said. "We're bringing forward a law that doesn't just provide clarity about the existing devolution arrangements, it's actually adding extra powers and extra competencies to Welsh Government. "So in future Welsh Government Ministers in Cardiff will be able to do more with their powers." Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood warned the "sorry saga of Wales' devolution process cannot continue in this vein". "Years after the publication of the Silk Reports, months after the St David's Day process concluded, our country is left in a constitutional 'no man's land'," she said. The academics' fears that the UK's latest devolution proposals won't provide a clear and lasting settlement for Wales are shared at the highest levels of the Welsh government. Officials and ministers fear the proposals would actually weaken rather than strengthen the assembly's powers. At the heart of the problem is the difficulty of crafting a lasting settlement while Wales and England share a common legal system - an issue the academics claim the Wales Office has failed to tackle in drawing up the proposals. Privately, Welsh government sources say they regard the current proposals as unacceptable, while some AMs suggest the assembly should refuse its consent for the bill to be tabled in Westminster. That is a situation both governments are desperate to avoid, since it would create something of a constitutional crisis on the brink of next year's assembly election.	The first minister has warned he will not accept any attempt to weaken the powers of the assembly.
His relatives and supporters condemned the decision, saying they wanted proof that it was his body. The High Court said it lacked jurisdiction over the case. Seen by many as Africa's Che Guevara, Mr Sankara was hastily buried after being killed during a 1987 coup led by incumbent President Blaise Compaore. The anti-imperialist revolutionary became president in 1983 after an internal power struggle and led his country for four years. The court's ruling was greeted with outrage and contempt by Mr Sankara's relatives and supporters, reports journalist Chris Simpson from the capital, Ouagadougou. Campaigners say the family never had the chance to identify his body before he was buried in the capital's Dagnoen cemetery. About 100 people protested outside court, chanting "down with the Burkinabe judiciary" and "when will the Burkinabe people know the truth?", AFP news agency reports. Mr Sankara was killed by a group of soldiers at the age of 37. Public interest in Mr Sankara remains high in Burkina Faso, with opposition group demanding answers about his death, correspondents say. Family lawyer Benewende Sankara said he would appeal against the decision. "We are not happy," AFP quoted him as saying. President Compaore has so far refused to agree to Mr Sankara's exhumation, and has always denied being involved in the ex-leader's killing, Chris Simpson reports. Mr Compaore insists the "facts are known" and he has "nothing to hide", he adds. When Thomas Sankara took power in 1983 he changed the West African state's colonial name of Upper Volta to Burkina Faso, which means "the land of upright men". His supporters say he was incorruptible, unlike many other African leaders. Mr Sankara was seen as charismatic and wore a beret, leading to comparisons with the Latin American revolutionary Che Guevara. Many taxis across West Africa still have a round sticker of him on their windscreens.	A court in Burkina Faso has refused to rule on a request by the family of ex-President Thomas Sankara for his body to be exhumed for DNA tests.
Issac Aganozor, who works at Dulwich College, has leukaemia. His brother Patrick, who lives in Nigeria, is a match but has been refused a visa by the Home Office. The refusal letter says he did not meet economic requirements. Isaac Aganozor's MP said she was "appalled" by the decision. In Nigeria Patrick Aganozor is said to earn Â£69 a month as a tricycle courier. Dulwich College has offered to pay Â£1,500 for his return flight and to sponsor him during his stay by making sure he has accommodation. The rejection letter from the British High Commission in Lagos said although it was aware of the compassionate circumstances, the application had to be assessed according to immigration rules. It said it had to take into account his personal socio-economic circumstances, adding: "Given your limited economic circumstances in Nigeria I am not satisfied that these provide you with an incentive to leave the UK at the end of your stay as claimed." A new application is being submitted in the next couple of days. Mr Aganozor, who is on his fifth cycle of chemotherapy, said: "I really need this transplant. I want to beg the Home Office, to beg the minister of immigration, please, consider my case. "It should not be refused again, it should be granted. Patrick is not coming to the UK to stay. Patrick will definitely go back to Nigeria." Helen Hayes, Labour MP for Dulwich and West Norwood, said she was "appalled" by the decision. "There is no reason to believe that he would be away for longer than is necessary," she said citing the fact that Mr Aganozor's brother supported his daughter and mother in Nigeria. "This is not an ordinary situation - it's life or death - and they had all the information they needed to make a decision. "I'm puzzled and dumbfound by the lack of compassion." She said searches on the transplant register had not found a match so Mr Aganozor, of Sydenham Hill, south-east London, was forced to rely on his brother as his only hope. "It shouldn't have come to this, we should have a system where if there is a clear case to come here they will be allowed," said Ms Hayes. The Home Office said: "All cases are carefully considered on their individual merits and the onus is on the individual to provide the necessary supporting evidence to meet the UK immigration rules. "We are sensitive to cases with compassionate circumstances but all visa applications must be assessed against the immigration rules. "The applicant is free to submit a new application with supporting evidence."	A caretaker at a top London school who needs a life-saving bone marrow transplant from his brother in Nigeria has been told he cannot come to the UK.
Sir David said better rail links in northern England were "desirable" and "possible" after being asked to look at ways of maximising the benefits of HS2. The government said it would now develop a strategy looking at options, costs and a delivery timetable for HS3. A report will be produced in March. Mr Cameron welcomed the report and said improving connectivity and reducing journey times was "crucial" to the government's long-term economic plan for the north of England. "These sort of decisions - decisions about our country and the future of rail - matter. They are not always popular. HS2 is not always popular. But I profoundly believe they are right," he said. He said that it was a "big flaw" of the original HS2 plans to miss east-west connections. Journey times from Manchester to Leeds could be cut from 48 to 26 minutes. The east-west improvements backed by Sir David would be in addition to the north-of-Birmingham phase two of HS2, which will see a Y-shaped route going from Birmingham to Manchester and Leeds. Sir David did not make specific proposals on how to achieve faster times, but said a mixture of current and new projects would make them possible. He said improvements to rail services between Leeds and Manchester could involve a doubling of trains per hour, with either a new high-speed track and tunnel under the Pennines, or an upgrade to the existing line. He told BBC Breakfast: "If you look at the two huge cities - Leeds and Manchester - less than half a percent of the people in each city travel to the other city to work. "So in this competitive world access to skilled people is crucial for cities to compete and a good, reliable, fast rail service will improve that." Dr Richard Wellings, from free-market think tank the Institute of Economic Affairs, described HS3 as "little more than a costly vanity project". "Rather than creating headline-grabbing policies, government resources would be better spent on smaller-scale schemes that deliver high returns for the taxpayer," he said. Stop HS2 campaign manager Joe Rukin said HS3 would be even more expensive per mile than HS2. But Sir David said he could not see how HS3 could cost more than HS2. "It will be a combination of upgrading existing lines, also some new tunnel," he said. "There's no reason why it would be more expensive." Analysis By Richard Westcott, transport correspondent, BBC News The announcement is a long way shy of any solid commitment to speed up trains across the Pennines. The government has just asked for some possible routes and prices…. a cynic might say it's all good publicity in the run-up to an election. And one industry expert told me HS3 could cost £7bn. But that's not to say that it won't happen. There is real momentum now behind the campaign to help England's great northern cities compete with London. If you've ever caught a train between, say, Hull and Liverpool, you'll know how frustratingly slow and often overcrowded it can be. It doesn't exactly oil the wheels of industry being stuck on an overcrowded old chug-chug for hours on end. Londoners are about to enjoy their brand new £16bn Crossrail train line, due to start running in 2018. Many feel the North is long overdue for the same kind of help. Follow Richard on Twitter @BBCwestcott George Osborne said in June that a high-speed rail link between Manchester and Leeds could help to create a "northern global powerhouse" and asked Sir David to consider how to improve east-west connectivity. In his report, Rebalancing Britain, Sir David said: "I firmly believe that substantially improved services east-west across the North are not only desirable, but possible. We need to turn the aspiration into a practical plan." He said the plans were "as important to the north of England as Crossrail is for London". The chancellor has set up a new body called Transport for the North, made up of the main northern city regions, which will work with the UK government to produce a strategy for the region. Estimated journey times under HS3 Leeds to Manchester: 26 to 34 minutes (currently at least 48 minutes) Liverpool to Leeds: Around 60 minutes (currently at least 1 hour 28 minutes) Manchester to Hull: Under 1 hour 30 minutes (currently at least 1 hour 51 minutes) Manchester to York: Under 60 minutes (currently at least 1 hour 14 minutes) Manchester to Newcastle: Under 2 hours (currently at least 2 hours 22 minutes) Source: Rebalancing Britain In the report, Sir David recommends sticking with the plan to split the HS2 line in two after the London to Birmingham stage is completed. An eastern leg will stretch from Birmingham to Leeds, via the East Midlands and South Yorkshire. A western leg will run from Birmingham to Manchester, via Crewe. Sir David also recommends a north-west England hub for HS2 is built in Crewe, saying it is the "best way to serve not just the local region, but also provide services into the rest of the North West, north Wales and Merseyside". Speaking at the launch of the report, Chancellor George Osborne said the government "need to take David's report and turn it into a proper plan that can now be legislated in parliament". Analysis Spencer Stokes, BBC Look North reporter The announcement from Sir David Higgins is partly a reaction to critics of HS2 who claim that the high-speed line risks sucking economic growth in the North towards London, rather than spreading it evenly across the country It's likely that the faster trains in the north of England wouldn't run on completely new lines, but a mix of upgraded and new tracks. And while the proposed HS2 route would have a maximum speed of 225mph, the suggested speed for the new trans-Pennine link would be around 125mph. That's the same as trains currently running on the West and East Coast Main Lines. Rail services across the North are considerably slower than those in the South.  A journey between Leeds and Manchester currently takes on average 55 minutes for a distance of 42 miles. In comparison passengers can get from London to Reading  in 25 minutes, a distance of 36 miles. Mary Creagh, Labour's shadow transport secretary, said: "Labour supports high-speed rail to tackle commuter overcrowding and to improve connections between cities in the North and Midlands and London. "We have repeatedly said we need value for money for the taxpayer and to improve the existing plans to maximise the benefits for the whole country." Liverpool Mayor Joe Anderson said it was "disappointing and illogical" that Liverpool was not included in the HS3 proposals. "We are once again being by-passed by an investment that will fail to realise its supposed purpose," he said. Construction on the £50bn HS2 project is due to start in 2017. Phase one involves a new high-speed line from Euston in London to Birmingham, with an expected completion date of 2026. Phase two was originally scheduled to be completed in 2032/33, although Sir David is keen for this date to be brought forward. Objectors to HS2 have said the scheme will cause an unacceptable level of environmental damage, loss of homes and disruption to many communities. But in January the Supreme Court rejected a legal bid to force further scrutiny of the first stage of the government's plans.	Prime Minister David Cameron has given the green light to plans for a high-speed "HS3" rail link in the north of England, following a report by HS2 boss Sir David Higgins.
The claim: The UK's "divorce bill" from the European Union could be as high as €60bn (£52bn). Reality Check verdict: Yes, it could. Is that likely to be the final figure? Almost certainly not. The battle over the money will begin with legal arguments but will end with hard-nosed politics. Then you subtract the value of the EU's assets, and decide what percentage of the balance is the responsibility of the UK. One way of calculating this percentage is to use the UK's average share of EU budget contributions, which is roughly 12%. Alternatively, the European Commission might argue that the UK's share should reflect the size of its economy, which gives a figure closer to 15%. The commission's negotiating team has made no public comment on how it intends to calculate the cost of the divorce agreement, but there is certainly a way to get to a figure of €60bn. Some officials have said this is likely to be the initial figure that the commission will put on the negotiating table. If they do put forward that figure, the biggest part of the bill would be made up of the UK's share of what is known as the reste a liquider (RAL), which is, in effect, the EU's credit card bill. This is money that has already been committed by the EU, for which the bills have not yet been paid. By the end of 2018, it is estimated, the RAL will be more than €240bn, so the UK's share would be substantial. Another large chunk of the potential bill is made up of money due to be spent over the next few years, much of it on big infrastructure projects in poorer EU countries. In the commission's view, the UK has already made a legally binding promise to fund this investment, even if it happens after the UK has left. The third big item on the agenda is the cost of pension benefits for EU officials. The current total liability is €63.8bn, and the commission will expect the UK to pay its share. But if the UK has to take its share of liabilities, it is also entitled to a share of the EU's various assets, which were worth €153.7bn at the end of 2015. Some of those could be used to offset the liabilities, including EU buildings, satellites, and even a rather nice wine cellar. Some Brexit supporters, not in government, say that the UK should pay nothing, and they point to legal opinion that backs them up. A House of Lords report concluded that Article 50 allowed the UK to leave the EU without being liable for outstanding financial obligations under the EU budget. And the campaign group Lawyers for Britain argues that it is hard to see any credible basis upon which the UK would be obliged to make net payments towards EU pensions or ongoing budget programmes. Instead, it says, the UK should seek the return of money it has paid to the European Investment Bank, which is worth €9bn. All the figures in the divorce negotiations are likely to be contentious and contested. Speaking on a special edition of BBC Question Time, Brexit secretary David Davis said he had seen no explanation for the €60bn figure. He said the UK would "meet our international obligations, but we expect also our rights to be respected too". "I don't think we're going to be seeing that sort of money change hands." The figure of €60bn may be politically unrealistic, but the rest of the EU will not agree a deal under which the UK  walks away without paying anything. The UK could, of course, leave without any deal, although that would probably mean everyone ending up in court. Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond has said: "If we do have any bills that fall to be paid we will obviously deal with them in the proper way." If compromise can be achieved, and if payment of the bill were to be spread over many years (as pensions become payable for example), the amounts involved may not be that significant economically. But this is an issue that has the potential to cause bitter political fights. Read more from Reality Check	To get to any potential figure you have to work out a value for all the EU's liabilities - the money it owes - at the point that the UK is likely to leave.
The research involved trunk road agencies and all 22 local authorities. Of those surveyed, 90% said plastic drinks bottles were a major problem and 85% cited fast food packaging. Many suggested littering from vehicles should be on a par with other driving offences. Keep Wales Tidy and the Welsh Government are "exploring options". While the survey put the cost of collecting and disposing of litter at £3.5m each year, the figure does not include the cost of road closures and congestion that result from clean-ups. Vale of Glamorgan council's operational manager Colin Smith said littering was a crime and people who discard it from cars should be aware how "expensive and hazardous" it is to collect. "Car litter unfortunately has become one of our biggest problems," he said. "The council will be targeting this offence to prevent the visual impact litter is having on our environment and the detrimental effect it has on wildlife." The local authority punishes people who litter with £75 fixed penalty notices. Keep Wales Tidy's report looked at how the issue is tackled around the world and gave a number of recommendations including working more with businesses and driving associations, running "adopt a road" schemes and targeted anti-litter campaigns. In England, the law has recently been changed to ensure littering from vehicles is on a par with other driving offences. While people surveyed suggested similar legislation should be brought in in Wales, Keep Wales Tidy said it was working with the Welsh Government and councils, and will be "trialling some solutions" soon. The environmental charity's policy manager Jemma Bere said: "All litter is an avoidable problem and education, enforcement, engagement and policy and legislation all have a part to play. "However, roadside litter is more complex in nature and campaigns require careful thought and targeting."	Collecting and disposing of litter discarded on Welsh roads is costing £3.5m a year, a Keep Wales Tidy survey has found.
24 September 2015 Last updated at 06:44 BST The horse, named Puzzle, was taken to Rowcroft Hospice in Torquay, Devon, to visit Pat West, 77, who has motor neurone disease. Sue Harvey, who runs the inpatient unit, said it was "tremendously beneficial for her wellbeing". Mrs West, from Ipplepen in Devon, was a keen horse rider in her youth. The horse was ridden in to the hospice by her granddaughter, Megan Hayes. Mrs West's daughter, Sally Hayes, said it was "lovely" for her mum and thanked the hospice for allowing the visit to take place.	A horse has been taken in to a hospice to visit its owner.
The Clydesdale branch in Aberlour is one of eight across the north east of Scotland due to shut under plans announced by the company last week. The closure in May will see Aberlour accounts transferred to Keith. Campaigners argue that disadvantages customers who do not have access to a car because there is no direct bus link between the two communities. Clydesdale said the move had been prompted by the trend towards electronic banking.	More than 500 people have signed a petition protesting about the closure of a Speyside bank.
Forces keep records of hospitality and gifts offered to officers and staff. Thank-you gifts included free trouser repair and Hindu robes in recent years. Gwent Police Federation chairman Tim Wilcox said: "It's really nice to acknowledge that members of the community want to say thanks to individual officers." Officers in Wales are unlikely to go hungry while in the office or out on the beat, judging by disclosures from four forces. By far and away, the most common gifts to officers and staff were treats - with enough biscuits, cakes and sweets to feed a small army. One chip shop even gave a hungry patrol officer in Porthcawl, Bridgend county, a free chicken pie and small portion of chips. The officer reported the gift, saying: "I was told that they were closing soon and didn't have a full portion of chips left but I could have what was left for free. I accepted with thanks. "They also offered a chicken pie which I initially declined but when they told me it was only going in to the bin as they were closing I accepted." The officer was told the gift was "approved on this occasion in line with policy" but in future, efforts should be made to reimburse the company. Alcohol is another common gift, but depending on circumstances, cannot always be accepted. Simon Newport, North Wales Police Federation chairman, said: "Years ago, you'd get whiskey, wine, boxes of chocolate which you could accept providing you'd disclose it. "It happens less and less now - it's a modern day culture. It's difficult to say no to a little old lady who comes to the nick with a bottle of wine to say thank you." For some people, the only proper way to show their appreciation was to make something themselves. A walking stick with the carved head of a dog, soap and jam were among the gifts with the personal touch. When gifts fall foul of the rules they are either returned or, where appropriate, can be donated to charity. Mr Wilcox added: "When declining, it's crucial we acknowledge the thought behind it and, generally, police officers are good communicators."	Home cured Polish sausage, dates from Saudi Arabia and a book on red squirrels are among gifts given to police officers.
Her third album, Ultraviolence, went straight to the top of the chart, beating rockers Linkin Park. Linkin Park's The Hunting Park is the US rockers' sixth album in 14 years. Teenager Ella Henderson remained at number one in the singles chart with Ghost, halting Australian boy band 5 Seconds of Summer's bid for the top. The four-piece had to settle for second spot with Don't Stop, following a close race with Henderson. The Official Charts Company said just 4,000 copies separated number one and two. Ed Sheeran's former number one, Sing, fell to number three. See the UK Top 40 singles chart See the UK Top 40 albums chart BBC Radio 1's Official Chart Show George Ezra's single, Budapest, entered the chart at number four, followed by Sam Smith's Stay With Me. Both singers featured prominently on the BBC's Sound of 2014 list, with Smith coming out on top. Londoner Smith, 22, is enjoying a hugely successful year, with three singles currently in the US Billboard 100, and his album expected to enter the US chart in the top five. In the Lonely Hour is at three in the UK. Also in the album chart, last week's number one by Kasabian, 48:13, dropped to number five, while Coldplay are at four with Ghost Stories.	US singer Lana Del Rey has topped the UK album chart ahead of her debut appearance at Glastonbury.
The benchmark Nikkei 225 tumbled more than 3.5% to 17,106.63 following falls on Wall Street. In Hong Kong, shares were down by a similar amount in early trade, with the Hang Seng falling 3% to 18,844.90 points. The mainland's Shanghai Composite was also in negative territory, down 1.29% at 2,714.63 points. West Texas Intermediate - the US benchmark -  lost 5.5% overnight to fall below the $30 mark, while Brent crude closed down 4.5% to about $32. Australia's benchmark S&P/ASX 200 index was weighed down by energy stocks together with the country's big lenders. The Sydney index was down 1.8% at 4,953.60, with BHP shares down 4.5%, Rio Tinto shares down 1.2%, and Santos shares down to 6.7%. The country's big four banks were down too, with the National Australia Bank shedding the most in morning trade, down more than 5.1%. The bank announced its final offer price for the float of its UK business - the Clydesdale Bank - at the lower end of the initial price range. The Â£1.6bn ($2.3bn) flotation of Clydesdale Bank was postponed on Tuesday for 24 hours. On Tuesday evening, the bank confirmed the IPO share price at 180p, valuing it at Â£1.58bn. Meanwhile, South Korea's benchmark Kospi index was down 1.1%  at 1,885.44.	Worries over falling oil prices were weighing on investor sentiment in Asia for a second day on Wednesday.
Scientists say they can follow a compass route, regardless of the direction in which they are facing. It is the equivalent of trying to find your way home while walking backwards or even spinning round and round. Experiments suggest ants keep to the right path by plotting the Sun's position in the sky which they combine with visual information about their surroundings. "Our main finding is that ants can decouple their direction of travel from their body orientation," said Dr Antoine Wystrach of the University of Edinburgh and CNRS in Paris. "They can maintain a direction of travel, let's say north, independently of their current body orientation." Ants stand out in the insect world because of their navigational ability. Living in large colonies, they need to forage for food and carry it back to their nest. This often requires dragging food long distances backwards. Scientists say that despite its small size, the brain of ants is remarkably sophisticated. "They construct a more sophisticated representation of direction than we envisaged and they can incorporate or integrate information from different modalities into that representation," Dr Wystrach added. "It is the transfer of information aspect which implies synergy between different brain areas." UK and French researchers came up with their findings by studying desert ants. Experiments suggest the ants kept to the right path by following celestial cues. They set off in the wrong direction if a mirror was used to obscure the Sun. If they were travelling backwards, dragging food back to their nest, they combined this information with visual cues. They stopped, dropped the food and took a quick peek at their route. Scientists say the work could have applications in designing computer algorithms to guide robots. Prof Barbara Webb of the University of Edinburgh's School of Informatics said the ant can navigate much like a self-driving car. "Ants have a relatively tiny brain, less than the size of a pinhead," she said. "Yet they can navigate successfully under many difficult conditions, including going backwards. "Understanding their behaviour gives us new insights into brain function and has inspired us to build robot systems that mimic their functions." She said they have been able to model the neural circuits in the ant's brain. The hope is to develop robots that can navigate in natural areas such as forests. The research is published in the journal Current Biology. Follow Helen on Twitter.	Ants are even more impressive at navigating than we thought.
Media playback is unsupported on your device 8 December 2014 Last updated at 10:53 GMT BBC London's Gareth Furby reports the best butlers - who provide special shopping services and specialise in "making things happen" as well as serving meals - can be paid more than Â£100,000-a-year. "I think I'm pretty super, yeah," admits butler Mark Soar. Andrew Coy of the British Butler Academy, trainee butlers Conor and Eric also appear in this report.	As a city among the world's top three for the super wealthy, London is seeing a growing rise in demand for so-called super butlers.
Developed from Finance Wales, it will have a target of providing £80m a year within five years and creating 5,500 jobs annually. EU and Welsh Government funding will kick-start the bank, aimed at micro, small start-ups and innovative firms. The Wrexham-based bank's running costs will be self-sustaining from next year. The Development Bank of Wales will work closely with Business Wales, the Welsh Government's business support service. Economy Secretary Ken Skates said: "The development bank will be the first of its kind in the UK, addressing current market failures within business finance and providing focused support for micro, small start-ups and innovative businesses across Wales enabling them to become fitter, bigger and stronger." A further £35m of European funding will be added to the £136m Wales Business Fund that was announced last year. More money is expected to support the bank's work later this year. CASE STUDY: GIVING BUSINESS A LIFT Owen Edwards runs The Studio in Cardiff, a personal training centre with fitness classes. He is adamant it is very different from usual gyms. He had been a personal trainer in London and wanted to return home. He launched the business six months ago with £20,000 of his own money, more from his father and £150,000 from Finance Wales. Mr Edwards pays 10% interest on that loan. The stylish interior design and equipment is leased and his business plan aims to break even in six months, after a year's trading. He said he could not have done it without Finance Wales as high street banks would not back him. He said they took a detailed look and continue to check on his progress monthly. "As a start-up, no-one traditionally looks at or gives you the time of day," said Mr Edwards. "There's a risk involved. Finance Wales seemed to get the idea and really bought into it and understood the unique nature of the business." FINANCE WALES - A SHORT HISTORY 2001: Finance Wales was set up with £45m to help smaller firms, with funding from the EU and Barclays. But it has been heavily criticised in recent years. 2013: Enterprise expert Prof Dylan Jones Evans's study, the Access to Finance Review, for the Welsh Government, looked at ways of making it easier for small companies to get funding. His conclusion was that Finance Wales was not doing its job properly 2015: Prof Jones Evans called for a development bank to be set up. That was backed in the May by a motion in the National Assembly saying that Finance Wales did not meet the needs of many small and medium sized enterprises (SMEs) and that access to finance was still a problem. 2016: In April, Giles Thorley took over as chief executive of Finance Wales. He had nine years with Punch Taverns.  The development bank was announced by Economy Secretary Ken Skates in December, who had also unveiled plans for a fund to help SMEs. 2017: According to its latest figures, Finance Wales created more than 1,100 jobs in 2015-16 and invested more than £56m in businesses.	A development bank for Wales has been given the official go-ahead to help small and micro businesses get off the ground or to grow.
Figures from regulator Ofcom showed complaints about the operator hit three times the industry average by the end of last year. Vodafone also faces the prospect of a heavy fine from Ofcom for the way it handled complaints. It has now fixed 350 elements of its IT system to reduce problems. The company said that some were "tiny tweaks" but others were correcting issues which had a "significant" impact on customers. Vodafone had moved all its billing and other services onto one system, alongside a change to its customer contact centre. "The combination of new systems, new processes and new customer service agents impacted service levels significantly," a spokesman for Vodafone told BBC Radio 4's Money Box. That impact led to complaints to the regulator reaching 32 per 100,000 pay-monthly customers, compared with an industry average of 10, in the final three months of 2015. These figures underestimated the true levels of complaints, as not all customers with problems would have alerted the regulator after speaking to the company. Vodafone is also preparing a response to investigation findings by Ofcom which concluded that there was reasonable grounds to believe that the company did not have the correct procedures in place to deal with complaints over a two-year period. The company could be fined up to 10% of its turnover. Among those unhappy with Vodafone was Hayley Angell, who lives in Scotland. The 31-year-old wanted confirmation that her phone had been blocked after it was stolen. She said she made repeated calls to the company's contact centre, but only had success after writing letters to the entire Vodafone executive. She was released from her contract and switched to another provider. Other cases include that of Fiona Campbell, a photographer from London, whose details were mixed up with a customer of the same name who lived hundreds of miles away. She said the turning point for her complaint, after four months of deadlock was when she posted a message on Twitter threatening to leave. Solicitor Peter Felton, from Kent, said he complained twice after paper bills, which he was happy to pay for, failed to be delivered. "I feel that talking to Vodafone customer service means I may as well just talk to my coffee cup," he said. A Vodafone spokesman said: "It is clear that each of the customers you have brought to our attention have been let down by errors caused by customer service agents not sticking to the processes we have in place to correctly identify and resolve issues as quickly as possible. "We take every case extremely seriously and aim to fix them as soon as possible without any financial impact to customers. "We are always disappointed when customers needed to raise complaints with us and, more so, when we then do not resolve them effectively first time. "Our teams, at all levels, want to provide our customers with a great service every time but we are clearly not there yet, so are investing significant resources to do so as quickly as we can." So if you have a problem with your mobile company, what is the best way to complain? Regulator Ofcom says there is a specific timeline to follow when making a complaint about any telecoms provider. "Consumers who are experiencing problems with their communications service should firstly raise the issue with their provider and follow its formal complaints process," a spokeswoman said. "If their complaint remains unresolved after eight weeks, or sooner if 'deadlock' is reached, consumers have the right to escalate it, free of charge, to an Ofcom-approved dispute resolution scheme. The scheme will assess the case and reach a fair and impartial judgement." You can hear the full story on Money Box on BBC Radio 4 at 12:00 BST on Saturday, 18 June, and repeated at 21:00 on Sunday, 19 June.	Mobile phone giant Vodafone has made hundreds of changes to its computer systems following a flood of complaints about bills.
Teresa Cooper was given major tranquilisers, anti-depressants and other drugs at Kendall House, Gravesend, Kent between 1981 and 1984. In January, the Bishop of Rochester announced there would be a review of what went on at the home. Ms Cooper said victims of Kendall House were being failed again. She said she was informed about the review into Kendall House during a meeting with senior clergy in September 2014 but believed no terms of reference had yet been set and a panel had not been appointed. "One year and one month is not an acceptable length of time," she said. "I feel that they are not taking it seriously and we [the victims] have basically been pushed and shoved on a pile and left." She added: "When you're going through this process [trying to get justice] the worst thing you can do to a survivor, who has been ignored that bad, is to ignore them all over again. "What it does is take you back to the place that they're supposed to be investigating. They have taken me emotionally back to Kendall House." Former children's minister Tim Loughton MP said he would have expected the church to have set the terms of reference and a panel by now. "That should have been done months ago and the victims should have been informed all the way through as well." In 2010, Ms Cooper agreed an out-of-court settlement with the Church of England, which did not accept liability. It followed a 2009 BBC investigation that found she had been given drugs more than 1,200 times at Kendall House and 10 ex-residents had gone on to have children with birth defects. The Diocese of Rochester said the bishop's "genuine concern" was that "any review be conducted thoroughly and properly rather than in haste". It said former residents had received a letter of apology but it "would not be helpful for the Bishop of Rochester to speculate" on the review's outcome.	A woman who claims she was forcibly drugged at a church-run children's home in Kent believes a promised review into the facility has stalled.
RAF medic Anna Pollock had just posed for a picture with the prince when she tipped over on the windy track in Bath. She joked to the prince: "Are you sure you had nothing to do with it?" In a speech to injured service men and women hoping to compete in Florida in May, the prince urged them to become ambassadors for the "Invictus spirit". He addressed UK team hopefuls - including Ms Pollock, 33, from Middlesbrough - competing for one of 100 places across 10 sports at the trials at the University of Bath on Friday. "It's not necessarily about selection but it's about the whole piece, the way it's fixing you, whether it's mental or physical, to be able to be in this process," he said. Prince Harry also paid tribute to Henry Worsley, the explorer and former Army officer who died while attempting to cross Antarctica unaided, saying he was the "definition of selfless commitment". The prince, who launched the Invictus Games for wounded or sick service personnel in 2014, was at the university's Sports Training Village to meet some of the athletes competing in the trials. He served in Afghanistan twice during a 10-year military career. This year's Invictus Game will be held from May 8 to 12. The trials are being run by Help for Heroes, supported by the Ministry of Defence and Royal British Legion.	Prince Harry rushed to help an athlete competing for a place in the Invictus Games after the wind blew over her lightweight racing wheelchair.
The 35-year-old pleaded guilty to failing to provide a sample to police on 20 December at London's Highbury Corner Magistrates' Court. He also admitted driving otherwise than in accordance with a licence on the same date. Police saw a Mercedes being driven in an "erratic" manner, prosecutor Zahid Hussain said. Carlisle recently revealed he was attempting to take his own life when he was hit by a lorry on the A64 near York on 22 December. The case was delayed whilst he was treated in hospital. The court heard Carlisle's Mercedes had been spotted nearly hitting a lorry in Pentonville Road, north London. Mr Hussain said the car was seen "swerving in the lane, to the pavement on the nearside, almost mounting the pavement" and the tyres were "grinding on the kerb". The court was told officers smelled alcohol on Carlisle's breath but he did not blow long enough into a breathalyser to provide an adequate sample. He was taken to a police station but would not co-operate and asked to speak to his solicitor, Mr Hussain said. Krystelle Wass, defending, told the court: "Two days after the incident Mr Carlisle attempted suicide, which is why matters have taken some time to come to court." She said the star was dealing with "ongoing mental health issues". The court was told Carlisle had been involved in "excess drinking offences" in 1999 and 2011. Deputy District Judge Margaret Dodds told Carlisle he would get credit for his early guilty plea but noted he had a "bad record" and would "inevitably" be disqualified when he is sentenced next month. She also ordered reports be prepared after being told of his medical situation. Carlisle was released on unconditional bail and will be sentenced on 14 May. He played for teams including Burnley, Queens Park Rangers, Leeds United and Northampton Town and was also the chairman of the Professional Footballers' Association.	Former Premier League footballer Clarke Carlisle has admitted drinking and driving.
Hang Zhang, 25, was arrested for possession of an offensive weapon in a public place after being found at the main gate of the royal grounds on 12 August. The Chinese national, of Hawley Street, Sheffield, was subsequently sectioned under the Mental Health Act. Westminster Magistrates' Court heard the charges had been dropped. This was believed to be due to his mental health problems, the court was told.	A student who was accused of carrying a folded knife near Buckingham Palace has had the case against him discontinued.
Eddie Haughey resigned from County Antrim's Oisín Glenariffe club following a vote to move a set of gates commemorating two IRA men. Causeway Coast and Glens Council withdrew £180,000 from the project in June. DUP councillors said the gates would "re-traumatise" people affected by terrorism. They carry the names of Charlie McAllister and Pat McVeigh, who were killed in 1922. The money was to be allocated to the Friends of Glenariffe group to help build a shared community space. At a meeting last Thursday, club members voted to relocate the gates from the club entrance to a position next to a hurling pitch. "A cultural war is being waged within Causeway Coast and Glens Council," independent councillor Padraig McShane told Radio Ulster's Talkback programme. "Oisíns should never have been put in this position," he said. Mr McShane's SDLP counterpart, Margaret-Anne McKillop, said it was "unfortunate this has been turned into a political football". The councillor said Oisíns "has always been a cross-community club and will always be a cross-community club". The council is expected to discuss the matter at a meeting  on Tuesday night.	The chairman of a GAA club at the centre of a row over funding for a community project has resigned.
Media playback is not supported on this device "It's a real passionate thing - once you're involved in it you just can't get it away from it," he says. "The work you put in always pays off - and that's why I love it." If you're inspired to have a go at boxing why not read our special guide?	IBF world heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua describes how he got into boxing, why he loves it and his recipe for success.
The legal action comes as Facebook has been facing significant pressure to combat the proliferation of fake news reports on its platform. In Germany, there have been numerous instances of false allegations on social media made against migrants and refugees. Anas Modamani is one of those who has been the target of such false reports. He briefly sprung to prominence in September 2015, when Angela Merkel visited the Berlin migrant shelter where he was then living. Mr Modamani took his chance to snap a picture with the German leader. Now aged 19, he had then arrived in Germany just a month earlier, after fleeing Darayya in Syria and travelling to Berlin via Turkey, Greece and Serbia. But that selfie was to make him a target. "I was first linked to attacks when my picture was circulated as being one of the Brussels attackers due to perceived resemblances between us," he told the BBC. "When the claims started being circulated on social media, I was in Munich visiting friends. "Some friends advised that I stay at home and avoid going out in public, which I did. "Others encouraged me to go to the police and report what was being said about me. "But I kind of just hoped it would go away on its own." And for a while it did. However, another attack, on a crowded Berlin Christmas market, and the attempted murder of a homeless man in the same city by seven young migrants, once again saw Mr Modamani falsely accused. "At that time, I had disabled my Facebook account, but the lady who is hosting me in Germany brought them to my attention," Mr Modamani said. "I was fed up with this happening again, so we discussed getting a lawyer involved." Chan-jo Jun, a lawyer who in November 2016 prompted an investigation into Mark Zuckerberg and other Facebook executives following a complaint alleging that the company had failed to remove racist posts, in contravention of German laws against hate speech, has taken on the case. "Facebook is doing a very poor job with fake news," he told the BBC. "But it is especially doing a poor job with illegal fake news. "Not all fake news is illegal, but where it amounts to slander, as I believe this does, then it should be taken down." Mr Jun has filed an injunction "seeking to prevent Facebook from publishing the slanderous image of the Syrian refugee Anas Modamani in the context of terrorist attacks". A Facebook representative said: "We received a takedown request from Mr Jun alleging that a specific item of content on our platform violates Mr Modamani's right of personality. "Access to that reported content was quickly disabled, so we do not believe there is any basis for him to seek an injunction." However, Mr Jun claims that not all of the offending content has been removed and several images falsely linking Mr Modamani to terrorist activity are still available on Facebook. The case will be heard at a court in Wurzburg on 6 February. Produced by Chris Bell and Sara Fayyad, UGC and Social News Team A note on terminology: The BBC uses the term migrant to refer to all people on the move who have yet to complete the legal process of claiming asylum. This group includes people fleeing war-torn countries such as Syria, who are likely to be granted refugee status, as well as people who are seeking jobs and better lives, who governments are likely to rule are economic migrants.	A Syrian migrant who posed for a selfie with Angela Merkel is suing Facebook after being falsely linked to terrorism in posts shared on the social media network.
The British Medical Association believes it is a great way to prevent injuries and save lives. But opponents say such a move could be detrimental to the nation's health, arguing it will put people off using their bike and getting much-needed exercise. So who is right when you look at the available evidence? The most obvious reason to wear a helmet is that doing so protects you in the event of an accident. But by how much? Back in 2001, Australian experts set out to determine just this by trawling medical literature published in the past decade. Their analysis found that wearing a helmet cut the risk of head injury and brain injury by half, and facial injury by nearly a third. For some, this may seem like a good reason to wear a cycle helmet all the time. Many, however, use a selective approach based on their own estimation of risks. Take one cyclist, for example: "I'll wear a helmet if I'm cycling in heavy traffic or plan to go fast, otherwise I won't bother." UK researchers for the Department of Transport found many cyclists appear to use this approach. Their surveys show that helmet-wearing rates are typically higher on major roads than on minor roads, and are used more often during peak commuting hours. But are people making accurate risk assessments? Evidence from workshops would suggest not, as many cyclists who say they rely on their own judgement, when quizzed, have uncertainties and doubts about when, and whether, helmets actually would afford protection. In particular, a number who said they only wore helmets when riding fast or in traffic doubted if helmets would provide them any protection in the sort of high-speed or heavy-traffic situations that were prompting their use. Similarly, some agreed that a cycle helmet would only be useful for the kind of minor fall that could occur during the rides for which they never usually chose to wear a helmet for. The findings suggest that, for some, wearing a helmet is less about calculating risk, and more about having a way of feeling safer in situations that feel risky - whether or not it actually would make them safer. Others appear to be ditching their headgear for fashion's sake. The same workshop with 62 cyclists found many were concerned that wearing a helmet made them look stupid and messed up their hair. Some even admitted that their non-wearing was partly a rebellion against their parents' previous instance when they were a child that they had to wear one. Currently, a third of adult cyclists opt to wear a helmet. This is an increase compared with the rate nearly two decades ago when only 16% of adults wore one. But do we know whether, if helmets were made compulsory, it would put many of the non-wearing cyclists off riding their bikes altogether? Research from Canada suggests not. This study looked at cycling behaviour across Canadian provinces before and after different policies about cycle helmet use were introduced. Legislation did not appear to affect cycling frequency. Yet Australian research suggests it might. Cycling is an activity that has been on the decline over the last half century as more and more people opt to use a car instead. Indeed, in response, England's government in 1996 set targets to quadruple the number of journeys made by bicycle by 2012. But one of the barriers to taking up cycling is a perception of the physical danger posed by motor traffic. However, experts say the health benefits of cycling far outweigh the risks by a factor of around twenty to one. Perhaps making cycle helmets compulsory will make people feel safer about taking up cycling? Either that or ministers will have shot themselves in the foot by turning people off the very sport they want us to do more of. Only time will tell.	Doctors are applauding members of the Northern Ireland assembly for voting in favour of a bill to make the wearing of cycle helmets compulsory.
