Free Association Books  Free Association Books is an innovative project started in 1980s London. It arose as the brainchild of Bob Young and colleagues who disillusioned by the decline of the liberatory movement began a search using psychoanalysis to understand the problems of liberation. Other key figures involved in the movement were Michael Rustin Karl Figlio Barry Richards Andrew Samuels Bob Hinshelwood Andrew Cooper.	company
First Choice Haircutters  First Choice Haircutters is a hairdressing company. The company originated with a single salon in London Ontario in 1980 and began franchising about 2 years later. First Choice Haircutters was purchased by Regis Corporation in October 2000. Currently it has over 400 locations throughout Canada and the United States. It is a franchise company and experienced system-wide sales of nearly $3 billion in 2007.	company
Next Jump  Next Jump is an e-commerce company. The company handles loyalty programs for Dell AARP Intel and Hilton Hotel.Headquartered in New York City the company has over 28000 merchant partners both retailers and manufacturers. The firm has offices in New York City Boston San Francisco and London.	company
Aygaz  Aygaz is Turkey’s 7th largest industrial organization according to the listing by Istanbul Chamber of Commerce. It is owned by the Koç Group and partly floated on the Istanbul Stock Exchange.Aygaz brings together the energy firms of the Koç Group outside the oil and refinery sector. Its subsidiary portfolio ranges from LPG trade to electricity and natural gas.	company
Snowblind Studios  Snowblind Studios was a video game developer located in Kirkland Washington. They were founded in 1997 specializing in RPGs. In 2009 Snowblind Studios was acquired by Time Warner through its Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment division. In 2010 the studio (along with studio Surreal Software) was physically relocated to Monolith. After the release of The Lord of the Rings: War in the North the team was merged in with Monolith Productions.	company
Gécamines  La Générale des Carrières et des Mines (GCM) often called simply Gécamines is a Congolese metals and mineral trading company. A diversified mining organization based in Lubumbashi it is a state-controlled corporation existing under Congolese law. Founded in 1966 and a forerunner of the Union Minière du Haut Katanga Gecamines is engaged in the exploration research exploitation and production of mineral deposits including copper cobalt tin gold zinc among others.	company
Couchbase Inc.  Couchbase Inc.	company
Capco  The Capital Markets Company N.V. referred to as Capco an FIS company is a global business and technology consultancy based in Antwerp Belgium with offices in financial centers across North America Europe Asia and Africa. Capco works only in the financial services industry unlike the Big Four professional services firms.	company
White Lion Records  White Lion Records is a Reggaeton record label established by Elías de León with the release of El Abayarde on 2003.	company
Old Chang Kee  Old Chang Kee (Chinese: 老曾记; pinyin: Lǎocéngjì) is an established snack chain in Singapore specialising in curry puffs and other local snacks. Established in 1956 Old Chang Kee started off as a small stall outside Rex Cinema at McKenzie Road which still exists. Its current chairman Han Keen Juan bought over the establishment which was about to fold up in 1986 and revived the business. The preparation to go halal began in 2004.	company
Vienna Insurance Group  Vienna Insurance Group AG Wiener Versicherung Gruppe (VIG) with its registered office in Vienna Austria is one of the largest international insurance groups in Central and Eastern Europe with approximately 25000 employees and a premium volume of around EUR 8.6 billion.	company
Renault Argentina  Renault Argentina is the Argentinean subsidiary of Renault. It is one of the oldest Renault's operations in Latin America and is ranked consistently in the first places by sales between the local automakers. Renault Argentina was officially established in 1975 but the French company had a long presence in Argentina before that.	company
WEGA  WEGA /ˈveɪɡə/ was a pioneering German audio and video manufacturer manufacturing some of Germany's earliest radio sets.	company
GTA Motor  GTA Motor is an automobile designer and manufacturer based in Valencia Spain. It was founded by Domingo Ochoa who is also the current CEO of the company.They have designed developed and produced the GTA Spano in-house. The first production units will be delivered to the customers in 2013.	company
Free b  Free b (Welsh: Bws am ddim Free bus) was a zero-fare shuttle bus that operated in Cardiff city centre Wales. The route circled the edges of the city centre anti-clockwise. The service was operated by Cardiff Bus.	company
Henny Penny (manufacturer)  Henny Penny is an American manufacturer of commercial grade food equipment based in Eaton Ohio. The company was founded in 1957 and employs over 500 people. Notable clients include KFC Wendy's McDonalds and Chick-fil-A.	company
Caudan Waterfront  Le Caudan Waterfront is a commercial development in Mauritius. It includes shops banking facilities casinoscinemas restaurants a marina and a five star hotel (Le Labourdonnais).	building
Capt. John C. Ainsworth House  The John C. Ainsworth House is a historic building in Oregon City Oregon United States. It was built in 1851[citation needed] for John C. Ainsworth the main founder of the Oregon Steam Navigation Company. It is one of the oldest structures in the Portland Area and remains in good condition. It is also the only 2-story portico in Oregon.	building
Pico Canyon Oilfield  Well No. 4 Pico Canyon Oilfield located about seven miles (11 km) west of Newhall California in the Santa Susana Mountains was the first commercially successful oil well in the Western United States and is considered the birthplace of California's oil industry. Drilled in 1876 it turned nearby Newhall into a boomtown and also spawned a smaller boomtown called Mentryville adjacent to the drilling site. Well No. 4 continued in operation for 114 years until it was capped in 1990.	building
F.M. Walcott House  The F.M. Walcott House located at 431 N. Hall St. in Valentine Nebraska United States is a historic Classical Revival style house that is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.It was listed on the National Register in 1982.	building
Cedar Crest Addition Historic District  The Cedar Crest Addition Historic District is a residential subdivision and historic district in Normal Illinois. The subdivision is bounded roughly by Division Street to the south Highland Avenue to the north Fell Avenue to the west and a local recreation trail the Constitution Trail to the east. Developed from 1914 to 1930 Cedar Crest Addition was the first large planned subdivision in Normal.	building
Brooklyn Children's Museum  The Brooklyn Children's Museum is a general purpose museum in Crown Heights Brooklyn New York City. Founded in 1899 it was the first museum in the United States and some believe the world to cater specifically to children and is unique in its location predominantly a residential area. Housed in a multi-level underground gallery the museum underwent an expansion and renovation to double its space reopened on September 20 2008 and became the first green museum in New York City.	building
St Eugene's Cathedral  St Eugene's Cathedral is the Roman Catholic cathedral located in Derry Northern Ireland. It is the Mother Church for the Roman Catholic Diocese of Derry as well as the parish Church of the parish of Templemore.	building
Robert M. Stark House  The Robert M. Stark House is a historic house at 176 Main Street in Waltham Massachusetts. This 2-1/2 story house was designed by local architect George Strout and built in 1890 for Robert Stark a lawyer and local politician. At the time the east side of Main Street had become a fashionable address for the upper middle class.	building
United States Post Office (Dobbs Ferry New York)  The United States Post Office in Dobbs Ferry New York serves the ZIP Code 10522 which covers the village of Dobbs Ferry. It is a brick Colonial Revival structure located at the corner of Main and Oak streets in the downtown section.It was built in 1936 as part of a massive postal construction effort. Its architecture features a high level of detail and ornament for the Colonial Revival style. Only two other post offices in New York in that style share the same level of detail.	building
Johnson County Museum of History  The Johnson County Museum of History is a local historical museum located in Franklin Indiana. The museum is run by the Johnson County Historical Society. The museum officially opened in 1931 under the name Johnson County Museum. It was organized by the local Chapter of the Daughters of the American Revolution.Originally located in a small room at the county courthouse the museum has grown over the years making it necessary to relocate.	building
Emmanuel Episcopal Church (Eastsound Washington)  Emmanuel Episcopal Church is a historic Carpenter Gothic church located on Main Street in Eastsound on Orcas Island Washington. On December 12 1994 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places.	building
Stirling (Massaponax Virginia)  Stirling also known as Stirling Plantation is a historic plantation home located near Massaponax Spotsylvania County Virginia. It was built between 1858 and 1860 and is a 2 1/2-story five bay brick Greek Revival and Federal dwelling. It measures 56 feet by 36 feet and has a hipped roof and four interior end chimneys. It sits on a raised basement and features entrance porches added about 1912.	building
Galleria Edina  The Galleria is an upscale shopping mall in Edina Minnesota anchored solely by Gabberts Furniture.	building
All Nations Christian College  All Nations Christian College is a missions college located in Hertfordshire and validated by the Open University.	building
Isham Day House  The Isham Day House is located in Mequon Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2000. Currently the building serves as a museum.	building
Sedan Synagogue  Sedan Synagogue located on Avenue Philippoteaux Sedan Ardennes Northern France was built by the Jewish community in 1878. Although the Jews were deported during World War II the synagogue survived.	building
Lyclene areolifera  Lyclene areolifera is a moth of the Arctiidae family. It was described by Holloway in 2001. It is found on Borneo. The habitat consists of various lowland forest types including lower montane forests.The length of the forewings is 8-10 mm for males and 10 mm for females.	animal
Ussara polyastra  Ussara polyastra is a moth in the Glyphipterigidae family. It is known from South Africa.	animal
Coleophora guttella  Coleophora guttella is a moth of the Coleophoridae family. It is found in Turkestan and Uzbekistan.The larvae feed on Artemisia turanica and Artemisia fragrans. They feed on the leaves of their host plant.	animal
Ceretes  Ceretes is a genus of moths within the family Castniidae. It was described by Schaufuss in 1870.	animal
Linatella caudata  Linatella caudata common name : the girdled triton is a species of predatory sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ranellidae the triton snails triton shells or tritons.	animal
Actias  Actias is a genus of Saturniid moths which contains the Asian-American Moon moths. The majority of this genus feed on the gum of the sweetgum pine or similar trees. As with all Saturniids adult Actias moths do not possess functional mouths so their lifespan after emergence from the cocoon only ranges from a few days to a week.	animal
Angolan epauletted fruit bat  The Angolan Epauletted Fruit Bat (Epomophorus angolensis) is a species of megabat in the Pteropodidae family. It is found in Angola and Namibia. Its natural habitats are dry savanna and moist savanna. It is threatened by habitat loss.	animal
Niphothixa  Niphothixa is a genus of moths belonging to the subfamily Tortricinae of the family Tortricidae.	animal
Tibetan Partridge  The Tibetan Partridge (Perdix hodgsoniae) is a gamebird in the pheasant family Phasianidae of the order Galliformes. They are found widely across the Tibetan Plateau and have some variations in plumage across populations. They forage on the ground in the sparsely vegetated high altitude regions moving in pairs during the summer and in larger groups during the non-breeding season. Neither males nor females have spurs on their legs.	animal
Stachyris  Stachyris is a genus of bird in the Timaliidae family. It has been found to be polyphyletic and is in the process of being dismantled.	animal
Styotrichia  Styotrichia is a genus of hymenopteran insects of the family Eulophidae.	animal
Gryllotalpa  Gryllotalpa is a genus of insects in the family Gryllotalpidae. It contains the following species: Gryllotalpa africana (Africa and Asia) Gryllotalpa brachyptera (Australia) Gryllotalpa cultriger (Mexico) Gryllotalpa formosana Shiraki (Taiwan) Gryllotalpa gryllotalpa (Europe) Gryllotalpa major (USA) Gryllotalpa monanka (USA Australia) Gryllotalpa orientalis (Asia) Gryllotalpa vinae world's loudest insect ↑	animal
Pollex mindai  Pollex mindai is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family. It is known from Samar in the Philippines.The wingspan is about 10 mm. The forewing is narrow and greyish brown. The hindwing is unicolorous dark brown with an indistinct black discal spot and the underside unicolorous dark brown.	animal
Lophophora (moth)  Lophophora is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.	animal
Janua pagenstecheri  Janua pagenstecheri is a species of marine polychaete. It is widely distributed around the British Isles and across north-western Europe and has been described as probably the commonest spirorbid in the world.Janua pagenstecheri lives attached to substrates such as seaweeds including Corallina officinalis rocks stones shells and the carapaces of crabs. J. pagenstecheri inhabits a shell made of calcium carbonate in the form of a dextral spiral with the tube up to 2 mm in diameter.	animal
Atimiini  Atimiini is a tribe of beetles in the subfamily Spondylidinae containing the following genera and species: Genus Atimia Atimia confusa (Say 1826) Atimia gannoni Hovore & Giesbert 1974 Atimia helenae Linsley 1934 Atimia hoppingi Linsley 1939 Atimia huachucae Champlain & Knull 1922 Atimia mexicana Linsley 1934 Atimia vandykei Linsley 1939 Genus Paratimia Paratimia conicola Fisher 1915↑	animal
Samurai Girl: Real Bout High School  Samurai Girl: Real Bout High School (召喚教師リアルバウトハイスクール Shoukan Kyoushi Riaru Bauto Hai Sukūru) is a Japanese light novel series written by Reiji Saiga and illustrated by Sora Inoue. It was serialized in Dragon Magazine from 1997 to 2010. A manga adaptation by the same authors was serialized in Monthly Comic Dragon from 1998 to 2001. A 13-episode anime television series was produced by Gonzo in 2001.	writtenwork
Giant Robo: The Day the Earth Burned  Giant Robo: The Day the Earth Burned (ジャイアント・ロボ - 地球の燃え尽きる日 Jaianto Robo - Chikyū no Moetsukiru Hi) is a manga scripted by Yasuhiro Imagawa (Giant Robo: The Day the Earth Stood Still Mobile Fighter G Gundam) and illustrated by Yasunari Toda.	writtenwork
Ends  Ends is a collection of science fiction stories and poems by Gordon R. Dickson. It was first published by Baen Books in 1988 and as a companion volume to Dickson's Beginnings. Most of the stories originally appeared in the magazines Analog Science Fiction and Fact Astounding If Galaxy Science Fiction Destinies Science Fiction Stories and Amazing Stories The poems first appeared in The Final Encyclopedia.	writtenwork
Brihat Jataka  Brihat Jataka or Brihat Jatakam or Brihajjatakam (Sanskrit: बृहज्जातकम) is one of the five principal texts written by Varahamihira the other four being Panchasiddhantika Brihat Samhita Laghu Jataka and Yogayatra. It is also one of the five major treatises on Hindu Predictive Astrology the other four being Saravali of Kalyanverma Sarvartha Chintamani of Venkatesh Jataka Parijata of Vaidyanatha and Phaladeepika of Mantreswara.	writtenwork
Aspen Seasons  Aspen Seasons is a special anthology published semi-annually by Aspen Comics. The series features special short stories focussing on specific Aspen characters. While these stories are not usually vital to their regular titles they do add more depth to the context of the comic in question. The anthology has also been a useful outlet for introducing new Aspen artists such as Micah Gunnell and Marcus To.	writtenwork
Molecular Neurobiology  Molecular Neurobiology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of molecular neuroscience. It was established in 1987 and is published by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor-in-chief is Nicolas G. Bazan (LSU Health Sciences Center New Orleans).	writtenwork
Stolen (Armstrong novel)  Stolen a fantasy novel written by Canadian author Kelley Armstrong is the second book in the Women of the Otherworld series.	writtenwork
Things Fall Apart  Things Fall Apart is an English-language novel by Nigerian author Chinua Achebe published in 1958 by William Heinemann Ltd in the UK; in 1962 it was also the first work published in Heinemann's African Writers Series. Things Fall Apart is seen as the archetypal modern African novel in English one of the first to receive global critical acclaim. It is a staple book in schools throughout Africa and is widely read and studied in English-speaking countries around the world.	writtenwork
Nana (manga)  Nana (ナナ) is a Japanese shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Ai Yazawa serialized in Cookie published by Shueisha. The manga derives its title from the name of the two main characters both of whom are called Nana. Nana Komatsu is a small town girl who goes to Tokyo to follow her boyfriend and college friends with the hope of having her dream life. Nana Osaki was in a popular punk band in her home town. She goes to Tokyo with the goal of making it big as a singer.	writtenwork
The Louisville Times  The Louisville Times was a newspaper that was published in Louisville Kentucky. It was founded in 1884 as the afternoon counterpart to The Courier-Journal the dominant morning newspaper in Louisville and the commonwealth of Kentucky for many years. The two newspapers published a combined edition (as the Courier-Journal & Times) on Sundays.	writtenwork
Bert och badbrudarna  Bert och badbrudarna (Swedish: Bert and the bath chicks) is a diary novel written by Anders Jacobsson and Sören Olsson and originally published in 1993 it tells the story of Bert Ljung from 5 June to 23 August during the calendar year he turns 15 during the summer break between the 8th and 9th grade at school in Sweden. The book uses the 1992 almanac following the Gregorian calendar but no specific year is mentioned.Just like Berts bekännelser the book uses chapter names as well as dates.	writtenwork
Belle Terre (Star Trek)  Belle Terre is a Star Trek: New Earth novel written by Dean Wesley Smith and Diane Carey.	writtenwork
Of Time and Space and Other Things  Of Time and Space and Other Things is a collection of seventeen scientific essays by Isaac Asimov. It was the fourth of a series of books collecting essays from The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction. It was first published by Doubleday & Company in 1965.	writtenwork
Uncut (magazine)  Uncut magazine trademarked as UNCUT is a monthly publication based in London. It is available across the English-speaking world and focuses on music but also includes film and books sections. A DVD magazine under the Uncut brand was published quarterly from 2005 to 2006.	writtenwork
The New Believers  The New Believers: A Survey of Sects 'Cults' and Alternative Religions is a book by David V.	writtenwork
Earth Surface Processes and Landforms  Earth Surface Processes and Landforms is the journal of the British Society for Geomorphology (BSG) formerly the British Geomorphological Research Group (BGRG) and is an international journal of geomorphology publishing on all aspects of Earth Surface Science. The journal was founded in 1976 as Earth Surface Processes and obtained its present name in 1981.	writtenwork
