A shy girl won't just flirt with anyone, so you can be sure she is interested in you if you see that she tries to flirt back. She may flirt back by making more frequent eye contact, liking your statuses on social media, initiating small talk, or displaying flirty body language cues., Somebody who is shy may need reinforcement that you are serious about pursuing them. What you want to do is send her multiple consistent signals so that she is sure that you are flirting with her.   If you said hi to her yesterday, say hi to her today. If you smiled at her when you crossed paths in the cafeteria, smile at her again so that she doesn’t think you were just being polite. Try to make eye contact multiple times. She will get your hints if you repeat them a few times.  It may take her time, like a few weeks or even a month or two, to warm up to the idea of flirting or being flirted with. She may take longer to recognize and acknowledge your cues.   Set an amount of time you're willing to try to break the ice. For example, tell yourself that if after two months of you flirting with her you are still not spending more time with each other, you will either move on or try a more direct flirting technique.  If you notice that she’s not responding to your body language cues, try flirting with her via text or social media. She may be less comfortable with or less used to in-person conversations than with replying through Facebook Messenger. Use texting as a way for her to get used to making small talk and having conversations with you. This way, she might open up in person as she becomes more comfortable with you over time.  See how she reacts to your different flirting methods. She may totally shut down when you try to hold eye contact but be talkative when you ask her a question about her hobbies. The goal is to be flexible and cater your flirting style to her comfort zone. You can then gradually move communication to a more mutual ground.  If she’s interested and receptive to your body language cues, she will likely respond with open body language. She may also get nervous around you and blush or stammer, both of which could mean that she’s into you. If she is nervous because she likes you, she might tease you or throw a joke into the conversation.   If she doesn’t like you, you will see her become uncomfortable with your gestures. Her body language will be closed, she might not make eye contact, and she might be even quieter than usual.	Notice whether she flirts back. Be consistent. Give her time. Flirt via text message or social media. Vary your flirting style. Identify whether she likes you or not.
Left handed golfers can achieve a good grip on the club by reversing these instructions so they are mirrored. For example, instead of starting off holding the club with your left hand, you would instead take the club in your right hand., Rate the strength of your grip from 1 - 10, with one being your weakest grip and 10 being your strongest. The kind of grip you should generally use when holding your club at about a 5 or 5½.Don't grip the golf club too tightly. You should hold it like a firm handshake. A tighter grip doesn't make a more powerful shot, it will only restrict your ability to take a full swing.  A slight bend or angle will drastically affect your swing, especially on long shots and putts. When putting, even small deviations will be increased by irregularities in the terrain and can cost you strokes.   When holding a putter, make sure your forearms and the shaft of the club form a straight line towards the ground.	Mirror right handed form if you are left handed. Rate and adjust your grip strength. Maintain clean, straight angles in your form.
The real trick to losing weight is to rein in your hunger. The easiest way to do that is to eat more often. Eat smaller meals more frequently and you will find that you eat less food overall. It also makes it easier to eat healthier foods.; , Eat slowly when you do eat your meals and snacks. This will give your body time to process the food and let you know when you’re full more accurately. Try taking half an hour to eat, rather than fifteen minutes, for example.  We often eat not because we are hungry but because we are bored or feel like we should be eating. Develop a habit of analyzing your hunger. If you aren’t hungry, or it isn’t a proper mealtime, try drinking tea or coffee (no milk or sugar). This will give your stomach something to work with but contains few calories.	Eat more frequently. Eat slowly. Drink tea or black coffee between meals.
Using a workbook can be helpful for working through problems with anger. Workbooks help you work through feelings and gain coping strategies by using writing exercises. The goal of a workbook is to help you reflect on your thoughts and actions and move toward more helpful strategies to deal with anger.   You may want to browse online or in a local bookstore to find an anger workbook. Find one that you feel you can keep up with and engage in regularly. Check your local library for books or videos. The Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) also has a book that is available online: http://www.veterantraining.va.gov/aims/media/AngerManagementWorkbook-508.pdf   , If you constantly feel “wound up” or ready to explode, start using a daily relaxation practice. Actively include relaxation as a part of every day, as much as brushing your teeth or eating food. When you purposefully relax each day, it can help you release any building pressure and help you gain control.Some activities you can try include yoga, meditation, qi gong, or progressive muscle relaxation. You may wish to ask a friend or family member to engage in relaxation exercises with you. This can help keep you accountable and motivate you to relax each day together.  Exercise can help you release energy and cool down. In addition to helping relieve stress, exercise can boost your mood and create emotional and physical benefits for you. If you feel like a situation might trigger your anger, exercising beforehand can help level your mood.Try going for a walk, joining a class at your local gym, or try a new hobby, like hiking, rock climbing, or biking. When you exercise, remove your focus from anger and focus on your body’s sensations. Turn your attention to your breathing or to the movement in your muscles. Tuning into your body can make you more present in the moment.  Sometimes anger can result from miscommunication or misunderstandings. You might jump to conclusions that may be inaccurate or misinformed. Learn to abate your defensiveness and think through your words before you say them. If you want to yell or get upset, let the other person finish talking or make sure you have a clear understanding of the situation before responding.Practice listening more and reacting less.   For more information, check out How to Improve Verbal Communication Skills.	Buy an anger workbook. Add relaxation to your life. Exercise. Improve communication.
Products from food and daily care items to books and entertainment items require resources to make, taking away from biodiversity. Anytime one resource is consumed or produced, it can affect the ecosystem of the area in various ways, such as by destroying the natural habitat (for plowed fields), polluting the area (oil spills), and reducing natural resources (trees for paper), all of which can decrease the biodiversity of an area. By consuming less, you affect the environment less., While organic produce and foods still require the use of natural resources, they are less destructive since they are not polluting the environment with pesticides. Also, pesticides kill off insects, which can destroy whole species over time., While the main focus of fair trade is to ensure producers in other countries are being paid fairly, it also helps to protect local ecosystems, partially by encouraging sustainable farming. Look for the "Fair Trade" label on products., Like products and food, the retrieval of energy affects ecosystems, such as off-shore drilling than can disturb wildlife and create oil spills. You can use less energy by turning off lights and electronics when they're not in use, running the dishwasher and washing machine only when they are full, using the car less, and not running the air conditioner and heater as much.   You can replace older appliances for more energy efficient ones--look for the "Energy Star" label.You can also keep appliances more efficient by maintaining them properly and replacing things like filters as needed. Solar panels are another way to reduce your overall dependence on non-renewable energy sources. You can have them installed on your roof or in your backyard to provide your home with electricity. In addition to using less resources, using less energy helps to reduce emissions. Emissions contribute to climate change, which can harm biodiversity as ecosystems change. Carpool or ride public transportation to work to cut down on energy use., Labels like "Green Seal Certified," "FSC" (Forest Stewardship Council), "LEED Certified," "Rain Forrest Alliance Certified," and "Marine Stewardship Council" indicate the producer's dedication to sustainability., If you don't know the origin of these products, buying them while on vacation, especially in other countries, can encourage continued poaching., Non-native species can be invasive and crowd out native species, decreasing their population. In addition, the non-native species can be spread to other areas through wind and animals.As an added bonus, planting native species means the plants will grow better in your area. If you're in an arid or hot climate, you will not need to water native species as much. Another option for your backyard is to create a landscape that can be a "Certified Wildlife Habitat," as laid out by the National Wildlife Foundation. Essentially, you would be creating an environment conducive to animals raising their young in your backyard., Both of these can harm wildlife, decreasing biodiversity., Reusing resources helps protect natural resources, which as noted above, helps protect biodiversity. It also keeps trash out of landfills, which can harm environments through leaching and overspill. Anything that harms the environment and ecosystems harms biodiversity. Most communities have recycling programs, including curb-side recycling. You separate out the recyclables from other trash and put them in a separate bin. In most places, you can recycle paper and cardboard, plastics, cans and other metals, and glass. While most recycling programs don't take styrofoam, other places do. For instance, Goodwill takes styrofoam in most communities.   To recycle, lightly clean out items before putting them in the recycle bin. Some places will require you to separate out different types of recycling into separate bins. You can also create a compost pile to help with waste. A compost pile or bin turns organic material into fertilizer you can use in your garden. You can add shredded sticks, leaves, and grass clippings from the yard, as well as fruit and vegetable scraps from the kitchen. Create a pile for the waste. Always bury the scraps underneath the other compost, and add moisture if you're adding dry materials.You can also recycle computer components. Computers use precious metals, and if they are thrown away, they can release chemicals into the environment from landfills, harming habitats. Most towns have places that will recycle computer parts, though you will usually need to take them in yourself., Products like cleaning chemicals, pesticides, paint, and batteries can leach from landfills into water supplies. Use less harmful supplies, and make use of your community's hazardous waste collection.	Don't consume as much. Eat organic. Buy fair trade products. Use less energy. Look for other sustainable labels when purchasing products. Avoid souvenirs made from bone, fur, or leather. Plant native species in your garden. Don't litter or pollute. Recycle. Separate hazardous waste out of your trash.
You can find Kandelec’s original image, which you’ve no doubt already seen, quite easily by doing a Google search. Use the search term “sunglass nails” and it will be the first image that pops up. Save the image to your phone. Visit a nail technician, show them the image and ask them to help you recreate the look.  Suggest chrome pigments, metallic enamels and nail decals as possibilities.Definitely ask the technician if they have any running theories on how to create the sunglass look.You can always print the image out, but your phone will capture the multi-tonal color effect better.  Because the sunglass nail trend is so popular, many polish companies have started releasing color shifting nail polish, which can very closely approximate the look. Prices can vary wildly, so shop around – some brands are being sold at very high prices. Buy a few bottles and give them a try.  For best results, apply three coats of the multi-chrome polish by itself or one coat over a black base color.Check your local beauty supply stores frequently, as well. They’ve no doubt heard of this trend and are stocking up on polishes that can create the sunglass look.  These approaches won’t give you the sunglass nail look, but you can create the same type of vibe by using these products. Experiment and try a few different techniques. Have fun with it. You won’t recreate the sunglass look exactly, but you’ll end up with some colorful, metallic looks and learn a lot about how to mix polishes to create new effects. You never know, you may invent a new trend yourself!	Take an image of the sunglass trend to a nail technician. Look for new multi-chrome color shifting nail polishes online. Experiment with a variety of glitter, metallic and iridescent polishes.
A pension is one of the best examples of passive income, but most people must wait for retirement before receiving one. For younger people, passive income can come from interest, investments, or rental properties.   Most sources of passive income require at least some amount of input or upkeep. Rental income requires property maintenance. Investment income generally requires capital with which to start and periodic decisions and review.; , Having some passive income usually does not preclude holding a regular job and earning a salary, because passive income, by definition, requires only a moderate investment of time. By having an additional source of income, you can avoid situations in which you might have to sell some of your passive income-earnings assets to cover unexpected expenses., Different investments may need review at different frequencies. Re-balance your investment portfolio on a quarterly or annual basis. Reevaluate your savings and spending goals when life changes (marriage, children, job changes etc.) occur.   Make a regular appointment to review your investments. Try the beginning or end of the calendar year, tax time (or right after it, if you want to work with an accountant), or your birthday. At this time, make sure your investments are still earning you positive passive income. That is, make sure any fees or costs associated with the investment are not higher than the income you earn from that investment. You should also check in on your rental properties to make sure they are being maintained properly, even if you have hired someone else to manage them for you., Look for additional opportunities and investments that could enhance your passive income. Remember that passive income is passive in the sense that you don't work to earn it, not in the sense that you need do nothing at all to create it. You can either reinvest your passive income into further passive investments or you can invest more of your active income as you are able to save it. Over time, reinvested passive income can snowball into a much larger income stream.For example, you can use your dividends earned from dividend stocks to purchase more shares of the stock. Or, you can use rental property income to buy additional properties once the first property has been paid for.	Identify your sources of passive income. Combine sources of income. Review your investments regularly. Continue to build your passive income.
Make sure your back is completely flat. Push your body weight against your back as you move your feet 2 feet (0.6 m) away from the wall at shoulder-width apart.  Slide down the wall and bend your knees. Stop when your thighs are at a 90 degree angle with your shins.  If your knees go past your shins as you move into the squat position, move your feet further away from the wall and start again.  Breathe steadily in and out. Slowly rise out of the position when you are done.  Work in small increments towards holding the position for 1 minute.	Lean against a wall. Flex your core muscles. Make sure to keep the weight on your heels. Hold your squat position for 10 to 30 seconds. Rest for 30 seconds and repeat the exercise 2 to 3 times.
Add 2 tablespoons (30 ml) of olive oil to a large sauté pan or pot. Allow the oil to heat over medium-high heat until it begins to shimmer, which should take approximately 3 to 5 minutes.Choose a pan or pot that holds at least 5 quarts (4.7 l).; , Add ½ pound (227 g) of lean ground beef to the pan. Crumble the meat with a wooden spoon, and let it cook for about 6 minutes, or until it browns and is no longer pink.You can substitute ground turkey or chicken for the beef if you prefer. If you like, you can also add ½ pound (227 g) of Italian sausage with the casings removed in with the ground beef.  Add 4 minced garlic cloves, 1 tablespoon (5 g) of dried oregano, and ¼ teaspoon (½ g) of crushed red pepper flakes into the pan. Stir well to incorporate the spices, and allow the mixture to cook for 1 minute.You can adjust the amount of red pepper flakes based on your preference. If you like a spicy spaghetti sauce, mix in a little more. If you prefer a milder taste, you can add just a pinch or omit it entirely.  Add 1 ¼ cup (296 ml) of dry red wine to the pan. Mix well, and use the wooden spoon to scrape any browned bits of meat from the bottom of the pan.If you don’t like to cook with wine or don’t have any on hand, you can substitute a mixture of ¼ cup (59 ml) of red wine vinegar, ½ cup (118 ml) apple juice, and ½ cup (118 ml) water for the wine.  Stir in a 28-ounce (794 g) can of crushed tomatoes, 2 tablespoons (28 g) of tomato paste, and kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste. Mix well so all of the ingredients are fully combined., Allow the tomato, paste, and sauce mixture to come to a boil. When it begins to boil, reduce the heat to low and let it simmer for approximately 10 minutes.For the best results, cover the pan while you’re simmering the sauce.  Add ¼ teaspoon (½ g) of ground nutmeg, ¼ cup (5 g) of chopped fresh basil leaves, and ¼ cup (59 ml) heavy cream. Use a whisk to mix the ingredients into the sauce so they’re fully incorporated and simmer the sauce for another 5 to 10 minutes, or until it thickens.Stir the sauce occasionally while you simmer it.  Remove the sauce from the heat when it's done simmering. Add the cooked pasta of your choice directly to the pan, and toss the two together until the pasta is fully coated. Place the pasta in bowls and serve while it’s still warm.A pound (454 g) of cooked pasta is usually the appropriate amount to add to the sauce. Top the pasta and sauce with grated Parmesan cheese and chopped basil if desired.	Heat the oil. Cook the ground beef until it’s browned. Mix in the garlic, oregano, and red pepper flakes. Stir in the wine and deglaze the pan. Add the tomatoes, tomato paste, tomato sauce, salt, and pepper. Bring the mixture to a boil and simmer it for 10 minutes. Whisk in the nutmeg, basil, and heavy cream. Toss the sauce with cooked pasta and serve.
Most people find it much easier to write upside down English from right to left, instead of left to right.This results in texts that looks normal if you turn the page upside-down. However, if you're right-handed, the right-to-left method can lead to smudging or discomfort. You can try writing sideways or at an angle instead, but this is more difficult to learn., Teach yourself to write upside down the same way you learned to write regularly - by tracing the letters repeatedly and putting in lots of practice. Keep working on this, and you'll see your upside down penmanship improve.   Try practicing individual letters first. Once you have them down to muscle memory, start stringing them together in words and sentences. Move on to cursive if you're ambitious!  , Take writing upside down one step further with a small hand mirror. Hold the mirror at a 90-degree angle to the paper, facing you. Now try writing such that your words are legible in the mirror. Your text will be not only upside down, but backwards, and will require a mirror to read easily.	Choose a direction. Practice. Make a mirror code.
This is the most important point. Just think to yourself "I am going to beat this defender," and it will come. You can beat them. Have faith in yourself, and never think for one second that you are going to fail.   Remember that no two defenders are the same, and no two situations are the same. You may have messed up once, but that doesn't mean that you'll mess up again. Focus all of your energy and attention on the moment at hand. You will play more effectively and more smoothly if you aren't up in your head. Be present.; , If you fail to pass the defender, it won't be the end of the world. It will just be one mistake, and nothing permanent. You can always bounce back. You can hustle back down the field, give 110%, and redeem yourself by recovering the ball. Your teammates won't hate you for trying to win the game – more likely, they'll support your spirit.   If you are getting a lot of negative feedback for your mistakes, consider talking to someone about it. No one should be heckling you for trying your best. Talk to a coach, a parent, or a team captain, and ask them to help you put a stop to it., Try and try again, even if you keep losing the ball. The more you keep trying, the more likely it is that you will succeed. With enough persistence and dedication, you can accomplish almost anything.   You don't need to try again right away. If the game is tight, don't keep throwing yourself at a tough defender. Be humble, and pass the ball away., You may not be certain that you can pass this defender, but you will regret it if you don't try. Life is dangerous, and fear is natural – but human beings define themselves by how they act in the face of fear. Even if you are never the star player on your team, you can be the sort of player who gives as much as he/she can in every single play.	Get into the right mindset. Be realistic about the consequences. Don't give up. Be bold.
This pretty low bun looks great with a side part. If you're doing your hair for a formal evening event, a deeper part (further to the side) looks elegant. Run the tip of a comb along your part to make it straight., This step is optional if you're not in the mood to go all out. However, if you tease or curl your hair, it will take your messy low bun up a few notches. Lift the top layer of your hair and backcomb it toward the roots to add volume and texture. Alternately, use a curling iron to curl the top layer of your hair so it won't be completely smooth.          Of course, if your hair is naturally curly and voluminous, this step is completely unnecessary; your bun will look beautifully messy on its own.  Position it at the nape of your neck or slightly higher up, according to your preference. You could even position it on the side, just under one of your ears. For now, don't make a tight ponytail; just wrap the ponytail around your hair one time.  Twist the hairband and pull it over your ponytail, but this time don't pull the hair all the way through. Stop pulling before your ends are all the way through the hairband. Leave several inches of the ends of your hair sticking out. You should now have a simple looped bun.          If the ponytail seems loose, use a second ponytail to ensure the looped bun stays securely in place. While the look should be messy, you don't want it to be so loose it falls out.  You want to add some volume to the look by pulling up the top and sides of your hair so it doesn't lie flat against your head. this will help the look go from "sleek" to "messy." Check out your hair in the mirror, and pull out a few strands from around your temples, too.  Take the ends that are still sticking out of your bun and wrap them around the hairband to hide it from view. Use bobby pins to secure the hair in place.  This will let your hair move while also keeping it from falling out.	Part your hair on one side. Tease or curl your hair. Gather your hair into a low ponytail. Use your hairband to create a looped bun. Gently lift the top and sides of your hair. Wrap the ends of your hair around the hairband. Use medium-hold hairspray to finish the look.
Wipe out any debris with a clean soft cloth. You can add a few drops of an ear cleaner that is safe for cats or a few drops of baby oil or olive oil. Do not drench the cloth as you don’t want the cleaner or oil to run down into your rabbit's ear.Do not use cotton swabs to clean out your rabbit's ears. These can go too far down your rabbit's ear canal and injure it ear drum. Instead, use a cloth or cotton ball and just clean the easily accessible areas of the rabbit's ears.; , In order to avoid the risk of infection, keep your bunny away from other rabbits. This includes keeping it out of areas where wild rabbits might be frequenting outside. Only let your rabbit in areas or around other rabbits that are known to be mite free.   If you have multiple rabbits and one is infected while the other is not, you need to keep the infected rabbit in isolation until the infection has been treated and is cleared up. Chances are, however, that if you have one infected rabbit, the other rabbits it lives with are also infected.  You can place 3-4 drops of baby oil in the rabbit's ear to smother any stray mites that you may not be able to see. This will not hurt your rabbit's ears and it will help to prevent a full blown infection if a stray mite gets into your rabbit's ear.   Ear mites are parasites, with the scientific name Psoroptes cuniculi, that crawl into the ears to feed.If you can stop them before they establish themselves and reproduce in the ear, that is ideal.  While the goal is to avoid seeing these signs because you have prevented an infection from occurring in the first place, you should know what to look for just in case. In addition to the thick, brown crust that lines the inside of the ears, there are other signs of ear mites in rabbits. These are:Itching around the ears, head and neck Head shaking Ear pain, swelling, or redness Ears fall down Weight loss Unsteadiness or falling over (sign of an inner ear infection)  , Make checking your rabbit’s ears a weekly habit to stay on top of any of ear mite infection. Preventing your rabbit from acquiring a serious ear mite infestation is the best way to deal with ear mites.  As ear mites feed, the ear tissue responds by producing a buildup of fluid and brown crust, which is commonly referred to as ear canker.Do not attempt to remove this crusty build up, as it can be very painful for the rabbit.Instead, the crust will come off on its own once the infection is treated and the mites are killed.  If you see any signs of an ear mite infection you should get your rabbit checked by its vet. The vet will assess your rabbit's overall health but will also take a close look at the animal's ears. Your veterinarian should be able to diagnosis ear mites easily by looking in the ears and looking at a swab taken from the ear.   Consult with your veterinarian for advice on treatment in any case where a rabbit has ear mites, but especially if it’s a serious infestation.  Treatment of ear mites is done with medications that kill the ear mite. These include:   Ivermectin injections under the skin done every two weeks for three to four times.Miticides, like those prescribed for dogs and cats, applied on the skin at the base of the neck repeated every 30 days., If the rabbit has any bacterial infection associated with its ear mite infection this will need to be treated separately with antibiotics. Your veterinarian will assess this situation and prescribe medication as needed.   The mites can travel further into the ear causing an infection by bacteria called otitis externa. This infection can extend further down the ear, damage the ear drum, and cause an internal ear infection which is very serious.Apply the antibiotics for as long as it is prescribed to your rabbit. Using the medicine for too short of a time could limit its effectiveness.  Hutches or any other plastic, wire or wood box that an infected rabbit has used will need to be cleaned and disinfected. First remove any bedding and poop along with any toys, feeders and waters. Throw away bedding and poop and anything that cannot be cleaned, such as cardboard boxes.   Wash everything with warm water and soap, then disinfect with a diluted vinegar solution.You should also use this solution daily for a few weeks to wipe down all surfaces. You will also need to clean any other area the infected rabbit visited by sweeping or vacuuming once a day for a month. The crusts and scabs which fall off the ears may be harboring living mites and cleaning will remove them. Basically, you want all items that your rabbit comes into contact with to be disinfected or replaced., Within 10 days of treatment the crusty lesions should begin to come off on their own. If the condition does not seem to be improving, or gets worse, you should take your rabbit back to the veterinarian for further treatment.   Your veterinarian may recommend a return visit to make sure the infection has cleared up. The vet will probably do a physical examination and may do a swab to check for any remaining ear mites.	Clean your rabbit's ears regularly. Keep your rabbit away from other rabbits you don't know. Apply a small amount of oil to your rabbit's ears regularly. Keep an eye out for the symptoms of an infection. Check your rabbit's ears regularly. Do not remove the crust in your rabbit's ears. Take your rabbit to a veterinarian. Follow your veterinarian's treatment advice. Treat any secondary infections as well. Clean all items used by infected rabbits. Keep an eye on the recovery.
Adults who have were sexually abused as children may also show signs of lingering trauma that can affect one’s physical and psychological well-being. Some common indicators of someone who was abused as a child include:responding with fear to reminders of the assault feeling anxious and unsafe having flashbacks of the assault having problems with concentration ongoing feelings of guilt, anger, and/or depression having a poor self-image having problems with relationships losing interest in sex; , Teenagers have similarities in how they may respond to sexual abuse as well. Some common signs to look for in teens include:injuring self (cutting, burning) having poor personal hygiene abusing drugs and/or alcohol behaving in a sexually promiscuous manner running away from home showing signs of depression or anxiety making suicide attempts seeming to have a fear of intimacy or closeness changes in appetite, such as dieting or compulsive eating  , While children may respond to sexual abuse in slightly different ways, there are some common indicators that may help you to identify sexual abuse in children. Some of the signs to watch for include:changes in sleeping pattern or sleep disturbances, such as nightmares drastic changes is eating patterns or appetite sudden mood swings drops hints about abuse through playing, writing, drawing, or speaking develops a fear of a certain person or place talks about a new older friend and/or refuses to share secrets that he/she has with this person receives money, gifts, or toys from someone for no reason is repulsed by his/her self or body seems to have adult knowledge of sexual behaviors	Identify signs of abuse in adults. Watch for signs of sexual abuse in teens. Learn how to recognize the signs of sexual abuse in children.
If you have more than one fork, the outer one is your salad fork and the inner one is for your main dish. The fork for your main dish will be larger than your salad fork.   We'll cover table settings in the last section. For right now, let's concentrate on how to hold your utensils and get to eating! The "right" way, of course.; , The index finger is mostly straight and rests near the base of the top, blunt side of the blade. The other four fingers wrap around the handle. While your index finger is resting on the top, your thumb juxtaposes it on the side. The end of the knife handle should be touching the base of your palm.   This is the same in both styles. And both styles cater to right-handers. If you're left-handed, consider reversing pretty much anything you read on this topic.  The tines (prongs) face away (downward) from you. The index finger is straight, and rests on the back-side near the head of the fork, but not so close you are in danger of touching the food. The other four fingers wrap around the handle.   This is often referred to as the "hidden handle" method. This is because your hand is pretty much covering the entirety of the handle, secluding it from view.  This makes the tip of the knife and fork also point towards the plate somewhat. Your elbows should be relaxed and not at all up in the air or uncomfortable.   While we're at it, typically your elbows should be off the table at all times. But if you're taking a break from using your cutlery and in an informal setting, don't stress about it.  If you're cutting, place the knife close to the base of the fork and cut with a sawing motion. Foods like pasta will only require a swift, easy cut, while chewy meats will take a bit of work. Generally, only cut one or two bites at a time.   Hold the fork so the tines (prongs) are curving toward you, with the knife further away from you than the fork. At an angle is fine, too -- just make sure you can see your knife clearly to know where you're cutting. You should be able to look over your fork to your knife.  In this style of eating, bring the fork to your mouth with the tines curving downward. The back of the fork will be up as you bring it to your mouth.   Keep the fork in your left hand, even if you're right-handed. You may find that this method is the more efficient of the two if you experiment with both.  Unlike the Continental method, the American style of using a fork adopts more of a pen-like hold. The handle rests against your hand in between your thumb and forefinger, your middle finger and thumb are holding the base, and your index finger rests on top. Again, the tines are downward, curving away from you.  This hand positioning is the same as in the aforementioned style -- with your index finger along the base and your other fingers wrapped around it.  Hold the food down with your fork (tines down), cutting through with the knife in a gentle sawing motion. Your fork should be closer to you than your knife. Only cut one or two bites before continuing.  Here comes the main difference between the two styles: after cutting a bite, put your knife down on the edge of your plate (blade at 12 o'clock, handle at 3 o'clock) and transfer your fork from your left hand to your right. Turn it so the tines are curving upward and take a bite! Tada.   This is the method that was prevalent when America first became America. Europe used to use it, but has since moved on, favoring a more efficient approach. The jump hasn't quite made it across the pond, though there are pockets of difference everywhere.  If you are eating a dish that doesn't require cutting, keep your fork in your right hand at all times with this method. Tines can face downward if you're taking a bite, but will generally return upward for the majority of the time. However, do know that only in the absolute most formal of settings will this ever be an issue. We're talking when the President is sitting across from you. Other than that, don't stress.   Your silverware should never touch the table. If you're only using your fork, be sure your knife is resting along the edge of your plate. When you put your fork down, rest the handle on the edge, tines near the center of the plate.  For 95% of meals, you'll probably just be dealing with a knife, fork and spoon. But for those fancy occasions, you may see a few more pieces and wonder what the heck you should be doing. Here's a rough outline:   A four-piece setting is a knife, a salad fork, a place fork (main dish), a place knife, and a teaspoon for coffee. The salad fork will be on the outside and smaller than your place fork. A five-piece setting is all that and a soup spoon. The soup spoon will be much larger than your coffee teaspoon. A six-piece setting is a first-course fork and knife (on the outside), main course fork and knife, and a dessert/salad fork and coffee teaspoon. Those last two will be the small ones. A seven-piece setting is all that and a soup spoon. The soup spoon will be much larger than your coffee teaspoon and isn't a knife or a fork.  If you ever see a small fork on your right (forks generally never go on the right), it's an oyster fork. Utensils are generally placed in the order of their use. When in doubt, start from the outside and work your way in.  There are two different ways to signify to your waiter that you aren't finished:   European style: Cross your knife and fork on your plate, fork over knife, tines facing down. The two should form an upside-down "V." American style: The knife goes near the top of your plate, blade at 12 o'clock, handle at 3 o'clock. The fork is placed tines upward, just at a slight angle from your body.  This lets your waiter know your plate can be cleared (if he's in the know, that is). Again, the two schools of thought are:   European style: Knife and fork parallel to each other, handles at 5 o'clock, blade and tines in the center of your plate (tines downward). American style: The same as European style, only the tines of the fork are facing upward.  You will need to pick them up by the fork in a slight scooping manner, rather than stabbing at them fruitlessly. The American style generally prefers to rely solely on the fork (again, less efficient), while the European style sometimes employs the help of the knife blade or a piece of bread for scooping.  If you have a spoon, ensnare a few noodles with your fork and twirl them, resting on the base of your spoon. If the noodles are too long and are proving cumbersome, you can cut them with your knife if need be. But before you take any drastic measures, just try taking only a few noodles at a time. And make sure you have a napkin at the ready!   If you're not good with pasta, you are in good company. It's messy for even the most seasoned of pasta-eaters at times. It's less about the knife and fork and more about not slurping!	Know that the fork is on the left side of the plate and the knife is on the right. To cut into items on your plate, pick up and hold your knife in your right hand. Hold your fork in your left hand. Bend the wrists, so that your index fingers are pointing down towards your plate. Hold the food down with the fork by applying pressure through the index finger. Bring smallish bits of food to your mouth with the fork. When cutting, hold the fork in your left hand. Only when cutting, place the knife in your right hand. Make a cut. Now switch hands. Apart from cutting, eat with your fork in your right hand, tines facing upward. Understand the table set-up. When you're just pausing between bites, place your silverware in a resting position. When you're finished eating, place your silverware in a completed position. Get crafty with rice and other small items. To eat pasta, twirl it with your fork.
Once you have the basics down, it's time to make your world a little tougher. You can add in the free-throw line, make players go down the line and come back, or make the last shot an extra-difficult 3-pointer.   Make sure everyone understands all of the shots before beginning -- it makes a big difference when deciding whether to move on or stay put for the second shot.  Mix-in different kinds of shots, such as layups. Throw in blind shots, backwards throws, backboard shots only (or no backboard shots at all), or any other challenge you can think of to make the game more interesting.  If you're a great shooter, you should be able to constantly hit every shot under pressure. If you're really looking to improve your game or make things tenser, only allow one shot per spot. You can also eliminate the ability to skip a shot, forcing players to take both shots every time and move back if they fail.  This is best for smaller groups of 2-4 players, and you may need a referee to ensure it all works out. Start with every player on roughly the same square, say go, and start shooting. The rest of the rules apply as well, except you cannot skip turns. If you miss twice, you start over. Players will have to be strategic about when to shoot, and smart players can even try and hit other players balls to knock them back to start -- though you'll be sacrificing one of your own shots as well.          To make it easier to enforce the rules, players should shout "chance shot" every time they take a second shot, allowing you to know if they must restart if they miss., You could only allow three total skips in the entire game, making them much more strategic and putting a greater focus on good shooting. It can, however, also make the game much longer.  This little variation mixes up the normal game and allows for odd and spectacular shots. You can make players alternate arms every shot (making them more or less likely to risk the second shot), or force them to shoot opposite handed whenever they want to take a second shot. You can mix this up with backwards shots or blind, eyes-closed shots as well to make things interesting.	Create more complicated patterns for harder games. Add different types of shooting to work on other skills. Eliminate the second shot for higher stakes games. Allow simultaneous shooting for a chaotic, strategic game. Limit the number of skips per game. Make shooters use both hands.
Wear comfortable yet stylish clothes that you feel confident in and make sure your hair is styled properly. Guys, take care of your facial hair & spritz your best body spray. Ladies, make sure your make up is on point. As there is a high probability that pictures are gonna be taken on the day, you wanna look back and not cringe at the pics. See tips section for makeup suggestions.; , This is especially important if you are travelling via public transport such as buses, trains, subways or the Underground as it can get so busy during peak times. You want to be there relatively on time so you don't miss out on the fun. Better to be there before time, as you can make links with the other early birds, and who knows? Maybe something awesome will happen that might not have otherwise such as free CDs, magazines, etc.  Take with you business cards that have your contact details in case people want to get in touch with you again for your services.  Things such as intimate live performances, people you meet & the general atmosphere are important to record at the meet & greet. This is because at times these events go by in a blur, so you want to be able to remember as much as you can. In addition, you can post it up on your social media websites to share with others too.  This is super important because they want to know you because you're part of their fan base. They're just as curious to learn who you are as you are about them. That's why they've set up the meet & greet in the first place. Introduce yourself by name, age and where you travelled from. Other things they like to know about you are what you do for a living, hobbies & interest, etc.  All those things you want to know about the person, for example any tips that have or about their life. As long as it isn't too personal and nosey, take the opportunity to learn from them and simply enjoy being around them!  , However exciting it is to finally be face to face with mad cool people you've only ever previously seen in the digital world, if you become obnoxiously fan-girly over them a) they won't take you seriously if you ask them anything special and b) you will most likely do something that's regrettably embarrassing.  Sadly, you won't ever see most of these people again, so a lot of the time it doesn't matter what they think about you or say to you at the end of the day. However if they truly seem like nice people, get them to follow you on social media such as Twitter or Instagram so you can still keep in touch.  Ofttimes, you become more memorable to the person hosting the meet & greet as this is the time that you can bond with them to the point of actual friendship. Just don't overstay your welcome. If they're showing signs of being ready to leave, then say goodbye and part ways.	Dress to fit the occasion. Plan your route to the location of the meet up. If you have your own agenda such as a YouTube channel, Soundcloud, etc that you want to make known, do it in a professional manner. Do take lots of pictures and videos!, Don't be shy in approaching the person!, Ask questions!, At the same time, do try to stay calm. Be careful who you decide to befriend at events like this. Do hang back after most of the crowd has dispersed.
Verbatim Reporters speak into a mouthpiece during the trial and transcribe their recordings later. As of September 2015, only 37 states allowed voice reporters in the courtroom. Although verbatim reporters do have avenues of employment open to them other than court reporting, if you want to be a verbatim court reporter, this should be the first thing you check., The list of schools that offer instruction in Verbatim Reporting is smaller than those offering purely stenographic court reporting. Although many of the verbatim training schools offer online courses, if you must be in an in-person classroom, you should investigate other types of court reporting. Find a list of accredited verbatim reporting schools at https://nvra.org/nvra-education-affiliate-listings.  The equipment for voice reporting is more expensive and more extensive than that for stenographic reporting. Over the course of your training, which will take 6 months to a year, prepare to spend between $1800-$2200 on equipment alone.The tuition costs for any program will of course be much larger, but prepare to spend between $4,000 and $7,000 for tuition at a program endorsed by the National Verbatim Reporters Association.  Since voice writing--in which the reporter speaks into a mask and it is automatically transcribed onto a data file--is relatively newer than stenography, states that allow voice writing usually allow the NVRA to test and certify that verbatim reporters are ready to work in the field. Testing requirements for the NVRA exam are similar to that required by the NCRA.For the most basic certification, the Certified Verbatim Reporter (CVR), you must score at least 70% on the written portion of the test, and take dictation with real-time transcription with 95% accuracy at:   Literary at 180 wpm Jury Charge at 200 wpm Testimony/Q&A at 225 wpm The written test has vocabulary, spelling, punctuation and legal and medical terminology. The dictation and transcription tests assess your speed, accuracy and ability to work silently. The Certificate of Merit (CM) requires higher levels of knowledge, speed and accuracy. The Real-Time Verbatim Reporter (RVR) certification test assesses your real-time transcription, CART reporting and captioning skills.	See if your state allows voice reporters in court. Determine what schools are available to you. Budget for the equipment. Get tested.
A great steak speaks for itself -- it needs little seasoning other than some salt and pepper and is packed with flavor. The right grill will help accentuate this flavor. That said, any grilled steak will be perfect if handled correctly, so there is no "wrong" choice.    Propane: Gas grills add little flavor to the meat, letting the steak stand on its own. They are the fastest and easiest to control for cooking, making them perfect for larger meals or last-minute grills.  Charcoal: The "classic" BBQ flavor, these hard little bricks heat up relatively quickly and give rich, smoky tones to the meat. Make sure they are all white-hot before cooking on them.  Wood-fire: The hardest to light and manage but the choice of top barbecuers around the world, wood chips have the best flavor. Can be combined with charcoal to get the best of both worlds.; , The best meat should still be a bright, vibrant red color. Marbling, or the white streaks of fat, also indicate a more flavorful and juicy steak. If the steak is maroon or brown colored, skip it for something fresher.Just ask if your butcher will slice off a fresh cut for you. Some ideas for good steak cuts include:    High-End Cuts Ribeye, Strip, Tenderloin, T-Bone, DelmonicoIncredible Budget Cuts: Hanger, Skirt, Tri-tip, Ranch, Sirloin, or Flank, This prevents you from throwing a cold steak on a hot grill, which greatly alters cook times and makes it harder to get a well-seared outside and completely cooked middle. Bigger steaks, those thicker than 1-1/2", may need 15 minutes or so.  While some chefs love seasoning, most steakhouses won't touch a piece of good meat with anything more than simple salt and pepper. Use the largest grains of salt you can -- kosher or course-grained is best -- and liberally cover the meat. Then touch it up with pepper, adding as much as you personally enjoy (but nowhere near as much as the salt).   Think of the salt as light snow on a dark road. You can still see the asphalt, but the "snow" (salt) covers the majority of it. Be sure to get both sides and the edges of the steak as well.  If you're using a charcoal or wood grill, you'll need to get it started roughly 30-40 minutes before eating. A propane grill likely only needs 5-10 minutes if you leave the cover on.The thinner the steak the hotter the grill should be, and keeping track of this temperature is important. However, you can check temperature even if you don't have a thermometer with a simple trick:    1⁄2 inch (1.3 cm) thick: Heat up to 425–450 °F (218–232 °C), so that you can't keep your hand over the grill for more than 3 seconds.  3⁄4 to 1 inch (1.9 to 2.5 cm) thick: Get the grill to 360-400°F. You shouldn't be able to keep your hand over the grill 4-5 seconds.  1 to 1 −1⁄2 inch (2.5 to 1.3 cm) thick: Get the grill to 325-360°F, as you don't want to overcook the outsides before the center finishes. Your hand could only take about 5-6 seconds above the grill.  Thicker than 1 1⁄2 inch (3.8 cm): Stick to 325°F, and know that you'll likely need to flip the steak once more than you would otherwise to avoid burning the outsides.	Choose the right type of grill for your meal. Purchase bright red, freshly cut steaks from your local butcher. Let the steak sit, covered, at room temperature for 5-10 minutes before cooking. Rub the steak with salt and pepper, massaging it gently into the meat. Pre-heat the grill on medium-high heat.
try to act "cool", or do outrageous things), this makes it more satisfying for the bully to bring you down.; , This is inevitably the worse thing you can do when dealing with bullies. This will create more repercussions, which is the last thing you want.  Leave them alone. Talking to them will give them a chance to be mean or disrespectful to you.  If he or she calls you names or bags you out, don't ignore him or her, just smile and walk off. You need to make sure that you do not express any distress or the bully will thrive off this.  Try to make small talk with them when they are alone. Listen to them and be genuinely interested in what they are saying. After all, the more people you have on your side the better.  Bullies want attention, as well as them being jealous, mad, disliked, and possibly insecure. Know that many, many people in this world think that the only reason why bullies act "that way" is because they are insecure about themselves. This could be true, and it could not be true. Either way, keep in mind that they want attention. Don't tell the bully that they are insecure, follow these steps above and don't give them the attention they want.  This means to say something nice "back to them" when they insult you. For example, if they make fun of your hair, which is probably the least they will do, tell them that you like their hair as well. Whatever you do, be sure to stand up for yourself and others, but don't be mean. You will get in trouble and keep in mind that it can easily backfire, no matter how much they do it and remain untouched.  One of the reasons you may actually desire to avoid them is, yes, because of the bullying, but also because you may be scared of the bully. Realize that they are human, and there is not one reason to be scared of them, even if they are violent. If you are still scared, do not show them that.	Do not draw attention to yourself (e.g. Do not fight back!, Don't talk to them. Don't react to the bully's rude remarks. Bear in mind that if the bully has a group of friends that follow him or her, it's most likely they are his or her friends involuntarily. Do not give them the attention they clearly want. Kill them with kindness. Don't be scared of the bully.
It's a white app with the red YouTube symbol on it. If you're signed into YouTube on this device, doing so will open your YouTube Home Page.   If you aren't signed in, you'll first tap ⋮, tap SIGN IN, enter your email address and password, and tap SIGN IN again.; , You'll find this in the top-right corner of the screen.   If you haven't yet assigned yourself a profile picture, you'll instead see a person-shaped icon or the first letter of your name here.  It's toward the middle of the page.  This option is below the "YOUTUBE" heading.  You'll see a blue checkmark appear next to this option, indicating that your content settings have successfully been changed.  It's in the top-left corner of the screen. Doing so will save your settings and exit the Restricted Mode Filtering menu.   Consider closing and re-opening the YouTube app before resuming browsing so that this change can fully take effect.	Open YouTube. Tap your profile picture. Tap Settings. Tap Restricted Mode Filtering. Tap Strict. Tap ←.
Every vector can be numerically represented in the Cartesian coordinate system with a horizontal (x-axis) and vertical (y-axis) component.It is written as an ordered pair v=<x,y>{\displaystyle v=<x,y>}. If you are given a vector that is placed away from the origin of the Cartesian coordinate system, you must define the components of both points of the vector.   For example, the vector AB has an ordered pair for point A and point B.    Point A has a horizontal component of 5 and a vertical component of 1, so the ordered pair is <5, 1>.    Point B has a horizontal component of 1 and a vertical component of 2, so the ordered pair is <1, 2>.    , Because you now have two points you are dealing with, you must subtract the x and y components of each point before you solve using the equation v = √((x2-x1)2 +(y2-y1)2).Point A is ordered pair 1 <x1, y1> and point B is ordered pair 2 <x2, y2>   , Plug in the numbers of your ordered pairs and calculate the magnitude. Using our above example the calculation looks like this:   v = √((x2-x1)2 +(y2-y1)2)   v = √((1-5)2 +(2-1)2)   v = √((-4)2 +(1)2)   v = √(16+1) = √(17) = 4.12  Don't worry if your answer is not a whole number. Vector magnitudes can be decimals.	Determine the components of both points of the vector. Use a modified formula to solve for the magnitude. Solve for the magnitude.
Generally, five months is the length for a goat pregnancy.Figure around 145 to 155 days as normal for the gestation period., Realize that this eyeballing test doesn't work with all goats and in fact, some does can look wide and therefore pregnant, and not actually be pregnant.However, in some cases, the size of the doe will indicate that pregnancy is well underway and, along with other pregnancy signs, can confirm pregnancy.   Note that the doe's abdomen usually won't look larger until around three months of gestation., This refers to checking the area of the doe's vulva and anus to see a shape change.Lift up the tail to check. It does help if you've checked either pre-pregnancy or in the first month, so that you know what looks "normal" and have a comparison image (yes, do take a smartphone picture to help you). About two to three months after conception, check this area again. If the doe is pregnant, the anus will drop away from the tail area and the vulva will appear longer, like a teardrop.However, as with looking at the goat's belly size, this is subjective and based on good observation skills.  The vet can do a blood test to check. However, goats can show a false positive and this may be accompanied by an increased belly.If you want absolute certainty, ask the vet for an ultrasound. Since this is costly, not many breeders indulge in this unless absolutely necessary.  The doe may act up and seem grumpy or cranky when closer to the due date for kidding., Some does produce this, some don't. If you see it coming out of the back of the doe, this suggest that labor may occur any time within a few hours to a few days., This tends to increase in size close to kidding time.It may only do this several hours before kidding, depending on the goat as an individual and its breed. The udder may seem very solid and shiny when the kids are close to arrival., This is an innate action of looking for the kid or kids, even though they're yet to be born.If the doe is wandering around bleating either softly or loudly and looks as if she's looking for something, it's time to get her ready for the birthing.   Note that twin kids are normal, as opposed to a single kid., A pregnant doe must not be stressed; if she experiences any stress, she may abort the kids.,   First three months: Maintenance rations are fine. Near full term: Supply half as much feed again. Give vet approved concentrates for extra energy, especially if the doe needs to stay warm., This is especially important if it's winter.  Use an appropriate worming paste or formula your vet has recommended to you.	Be aware of the gestation period for a doe. Look at the doe's size. Do a "pooch test". See the vet or rather, have the livestock vet drop by the farm. Check for mood swings. Check for stringy mucus. Check the udder. Take note of bleating and searching. Ensure that the pregnant doe is well cared for. Feed the goat appropriately. Ensure that the doe has adequate access to shelter throughout the pregnancy. Rid the doe of any internal parasites.
Teach your child how to keep his/her bottom clean. It is very important that your child knows to wash his/her bottom and genitals when taking a shower.If you have a daughter, teach her to wipe from front to back to avoid infection. In girls, bacteria from the colon readily colonize the area around the vagina and urethra, and then need to travel only a short distance through the urethra to the bladder to cause infection.  Bathwater can quickly become contaminated with bacteria from other parts of the body, so your child should take showers rather than baths, especially if she has trouble with recurrent UTIs.   Bubble bath liquid can also irritate the area around the urethra, increasing chances of a UTI.  Frequently emptying the bladder of urine can help it to remain bad bacteria-free. This is because urinating regularly can wash out bad bacteria that is trying to make its way to the bladder.   Staying hydrated will help to keep your child urinating regularly. You should try to teach your child to go to the toilet when he has to urinate, rather than ‘holding it in’ for a long time. Bacteria grows really well in urine, so emptying his bladder regularly will keep him UTI-free.  If your child has recurrent UTIs, you should buy her cotton underwear that allows for airflow. Synthetic fabrics tend to not ‘breathe’ as well, which can cause moisture and irritation to occur., If you think your daughter may be sexually active, or may become sexually active, it is important to discuss safe health practices, including ways to avoid getting a UTI. It is important to talk to her about how spermicidal agents can kill good bacteria that can protect her against UTIs, which makes it more likely that bad bacteria will grow in that area. Make sure that she also knows that it is a good idea to urinate promptly after intercourse.   Talk to your daughter about getting a prescription for antibiotics if she is experiencing recurrent UTIs caused by sexual activity. Antibiotics are generally the best treatment in this situation so it is a good idea to discuss this option with her. The most commonly prescribed antibiotics for this purpose are nitrofurantoin (50 mg), trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole (40 to 200 mg), and cephalexin (500 mg).	Make sure your child is maintaining personal hygiene. Avoid having your child take bubble baths if UTIs are an issue. Help your child stay hydrated and teach her or him that he/she should not hold in her urine if she has to go. Buy cotton underwear for your child. Talk about the link between intercourse and UTIs with your teenage daughter.
Use a sharp knife to remove the breasts from a chicken carcass and set them aside. Discard the skin. Then, remove the legs from the chicken and set them aside as well. Use a heavy knife to chop the chicken’s body into fine pieces.,, Add 4 oz. of smoked ham, 1 minced three-inch knob of ginger, 4 smashed garlic cloves, the finely-chopped dry outer leaves of 1 stalk of lemon grass, the stems of 1 small bunch of cilantro, the stems of 1 small bunch of mint, and the whites of six scallions to the saucepan.  After the water simmers, you can reduce the heat to low and skim the foam from the surface of the water, topping it with hot water when necessary.  This will begin to cook the chicken and combine the flavors. ,, Set them aside. Discard the remaining chicken parts. ,, Add 1 finely sliced medium yellow onion, 2 finely sliced medium carrots,1 finely sliced head of Napa cabbage, and 1 finely sliced Thai bird chili to the pot. Cook these ingredients until the vegetables are tender.  You may need to cook the noodles for a bit longer, depending on the directions on the package.  Once the chicken cools down enough so that it can be easily handled, use your hands to shred the meat into bite-sized pieces. Remove the skin and bones.  Add 3 tbsp. of fish sauce, 1/4 cup of lime juice, 1 tbsp. of soy sauce, and the shredded chicken to the pot. Season the soup to taste with Kosher salt.  Garnish the soup with the leaves from 1 bunch of cilantro and 1 bunch of mint, and the greens from 6 scallions.  Enjoy this spicy soup while it’s hot.	Chop 1 whole small chicken (2.5-3lbs.), Move the chicken body and legs to a large saucepan.  , Add the ham, ginger, garlic, lemongrass, cilantro stems, mint stems, and scallion whites to the saucepan. Cover the ingredients with water and bring them to a simmer over high heat. Cook the ingredients for 45 minutes. Add the chicken breasts to the pot and cook the ingredients for 10 more minutes.  , Strain the broth through a fine mesh strainer into a 2 quart measuring cup.  , Remove the chicken legs and breasts to a plate. Add hot water to the broth to reach two quarts.  , Rinse the pot and pour the broth into it.  , Add the onions, carrots, cabbage, and Thai chilis to the pot and bring it to a simmer. Add 1 cup of rice noodles to the pot and cook it for five minutes. Shred the chicken breast and leg meat. Add the fish sauce, lime juice, soy sauce, and shredded chicken to the pot. Garnish. Serve.
Popular options include Process Explorer, LockHunter, and Unlocker or Lock-UnMatic and Mac OS File Unlocker for Mac. All of these programs are free and integrate into your Windows interface. If you choose to use Unlocker, be wary when navigating their website because there are numerous tricky ads that may lead to malware on your computer., All of the programs have relatively simple installs. Unzip the file if necessary and open the Setup or Install file. The typical installation settings will work for most users.   Some programs may try to install web browser toolbars during the installation. Make sure to deselect these if you don’t want new toolbars.  Select the newly-installed tool from the menu. This will open a new window. A list will be displayed showing all of the programs that are currently accessing the file.  Select the program that you want to end and click the "Kill Process" button. Once all of the locking programs are closed, you will be able to delete the file without issue.	Find a process unlocking program. Install the program. Right-click on the file you want to delete. End the programs.
Calculating the expected value (EV) of a variety of possibilities is a statistical tool for determining the most likely result over time. To begin, you must be able to identify what specific outcomes are possible. You should either list these or create a table to help define the results.For example, suppose you have a standard deck of 52 playing cards, and you want to find the expected value, over time, of a single card that you select at random. You need to list all possible outcomes, which are:  Ace, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, J, Q, K, in each of four different suits.   ; , Some expected value calculations will be based on money, as in stock investments. Others may be self-evident numerical values, which would be the case for many dice games. In some cases, you may need to assign a value to some or all possible outcomes. This might be the case, for example, in a laboratory experiment where you might assign a value of +1 to a positive chemical reaction, a value of -1 to a negative chemical reaction, and a value of 0 if no reaction occurred.In the example of the playing cards, traditional values are Ace = 1, face cards all equal 10, and all other cards have a value equal to the number shown on the card. Assign those values for this example.  Probability is the chance that each particular value or outcome may occur. In some situations, like the stock market, for example, probabilities may be affected by some external forces. You would need to be provided with some additional information before you could calculate the probabilities in these examples. In a problem of random chance, such as rolling dice or flipping coins, probability is defined as the percentage of a given outcome divided by the total number of possible outcomes.For example, with a fair coin, the probability of flipping a “Head” is 1/2, because there is one Head, divided by a total of two possible outcomes (Heads or Tails).  In the example with the playing cards, there are 52 cards in the deck, so each individual card has a probability of 1/52. However, recognize that there are four different suits, and there are, for example, multiple ways to draw a value of 10. It may help to make a table of probabilities, as follows:  1 = 4/52  2 = 4/52  3 = 4/52  4 = 4/52  5 = 4/52  6 = 4/52  7 = 4/52  8 = 4/52  9 = 4/52  10 = 16/52    Check that the sum of all your probabilities adds up to a total of 1. Since your list of outcomes should represent all the possibilities, the sum of probabilities should equal 1.    , Each possible outcome represents a portion of the total expected value for the problem or experiment that you are calculating. To find the partial value due to each outcome, multiply the value of the outcome times its probability.For the playing card example, use the table of probabilities that you just created. Multiply the value of each card times its respective probability. These calculations will look like this:   1∗452=452{\displaystyle 1*{\frac {4}{52}}={\frac {4}{52}}}   2∗452=852{\displaystyle 2*{\frac {4}{52}}={\frac {8}{52}}}   3∗452=1252{\displaystyle 3*{\frac {4}{52}}={\frac {12}{52}}}   4∗452=1652{\displaystyle 4*{\frac {4}{52}}={\frac {16}{52}}}   5∗452=2052{\displaystyle 5*{\frac {4}{52}}={\frac {20}{52}}}   6∗452=2452{\displaystyle 6*{\frac {4}{52}}={\frac {24}{52}}}   7∗452=2852{\displaystyle 7*{\frac {4}{52}}={\frac {28}{52}}}   8∗452=3252{\displaystyle 8*{\frac {4}{52}}={\frac {32}{52}}}   9∗452=3652{\displaystyle 9*{\frac {4}{52}}={\frac {36}{52}}}   10∗1652=16052{\displaystyle 10*{\frac {16}{52}}={\frac {160}{52}}}     , The expected value (EV) of a set of outcomes is the sum of the individual products of the value times its probability. Using whatever chart or table you have created to this point, add up the products, and the result will be the expected value for the problem.For the example of the playing cards, the expected value is the sum of the ten separate products. This result will be:   EV=4+8+12+16+20+24+28+32+36+16052{\displaystyle {\text{EV}}={\frac {4+8+12+16+20+24+28+32+36+160}{52}}}   EV=34052{\displaystyle {\text{EV}}={\frac {340}{52}}}   EV=6.538{\displaystyle {\text{EV}}=6.538}     , The EV applies best when you will be performing the described test or experiment over many, many times. For example, EV applies well to gambling situations to describe expected results for thousands of gamblers per day, repeated day after day after day. However, the EV does not very accurately predict one particular outcome on one specific test.For example, when drawing a playing card from a standard deck, on one specific draw, the likelihood of drawing a 2 is equal to the likelihood of drawing a 6 or 7 or 8 or any other numbered card.   Over many many draws, the theoretical value to expect is 6.538. Obviously, there is no “6.538” card in the deck. But if you were gambling, you would expect to draw a card higher than 6 more often than not.	Identify all possible outcomes. Assign a value to each possible outcome. Determine the probability of each possible outcome. Multiply each value times its respective probability. Find the sum of the products. Interpret the result.
If you baby won’t eat her food, try feeding it to her in smaller portions. This may be especially helpful if you are trying a new food.When you are trying to get your baby to eat new foods, give her a small taste from your hand or spoon. You may also try to feed your baby small portions of familiar foods if she is refusing to eat.; , Sometimes, your child may not want to eat an unfamiliar food. A way you might get her to eat it is to make the new food she’s resisting look like a food she enjoys.For example, if your child really likes pureed vegetables, give her a new vegetable in the same form. You can also try foods of the same color. Try changing the texture of the food she eats. When switching from baby food, try mashing the food or putting it in a blender if she won’t eat it in whole pieces.Just make sure to increase the lumpiness of your baby's food slowly, such as by mixing a bit of lumpy food in with your baby's pureed food.  When your baby is refusing to eat, try letting her smell the food. This allows her to become familiar with the smell and decide if it is appealing or not.This might mean holding a chunk of food or the spoon to her nose.  If your baby is struggling to eat, then try different foods. Give your baby options in case she will eat one thing and not another.If your baby is being spoon fed and doesn't like one baby food, try a different flavor. If your baby feeds herself, set out multiple foods so she can touch, smell, and taste them and decide what she wants.  Your baby may benefit from eating with you. As babies develop, they like to imitate what they see. Watching you eat may encourage her to eat.Make sure your baby sees you eating. You can even demonstrate eating to your baby to help her want to eat. Eat some of your baby’s food. If your baby sees you eat the food, she may be more inclined to eat it.	Try tiny portions. Disguise the food as something your child likes. Allow your baby to smell the food. Offer your baby options. Eat at the same time as your baby.
When the controlling person is around your friends and supporters, watch out. The controlling person will often try to cause trouble between you and your friends, spreading rumors, attempting to create divisions (divide and conquer) and will even tell lies (exaggerations to be kinder) about you to them or about them to you, to try to break your attachment to them.         The ultimate aim is to isolate you from others so that they can have you all to themselves, inside the reality they're trying to weave for you. Stay alert; any attempt to remove or downgrade your friends or supporters from your life is a red flag.Controlling people are often unreasonably jealous. This is more than just not liking it if another person makes eyes at you. A controlling person will often act like they own you and have the right to determine who you spend time with, what you do, where you go, and when you come home.This is not cute or a sign of their affection for you: it’s controlling.  Controlling people often do not have close friends, and rarely are friends with others who are more attractive, intelligent, or well-liked than themselves. They tend to be jealous of popular, successful people, and will criticize those held in high-regard by others. A lack of close friends may be one additional sign of their inability to tolerate others and their need to control relationships tightly.          Relationships and friendships are not built on who is in control. They are mutual interactions based on shared give and take and always seeking balance.  A controlling person tends to keep up social and legal connections through any means necessary, including threats of litigation, divorce, manipulating marriage, roommate tenancy contracts, shared cell phone plans, misuse of shared credit and similar contracts. Even in social networks, one may block and unblock a person rather than delete the connection, as another attempt to control a difficult or failed relationship. This is because controlling, abusive people are desperate for power.         Suspect excessive generosity from a controlling personality as an attempt to impress and control you. By seeming to give you lots of things, so that you always feel like you're benefiting in some way, you end up feeling as if you owe them something, perhaps even long term. They then use that obligation you feel towards them to control you.	Look at what happens around your other relationships. Check out this person's own personal friendships. Watch for abuse of administrative or social power, including when there are shared rights.
If you do want the browser plugin, sudo apt-get install openjdk-6-jre icedtea6-plugin  If you're working on a server without graphics, and want an environment just for running server applications (e.g. Tomcat or Glassfish), sudo apt-get install --no-install-recommends openjdk-6-jre-headless  If you need the full JDK (for writing Java programs): sudo apt-get install openjdk-6-jdk   apt-get automatically takes care of the dependencies and lists the changes for confirmation.	Enter one of the following into your console program:   If you do not want the browser plugin, sudo apt-get install openjdk-6-jre. Enter y to confirm the installation.
Nail polish thinner is sold at many beauty stores and department stores. Add one drop of nail polish thinner at a time. This will ensure that you don't end up making your polish too thin.         Add one drop, close the bottle tightly, and roll it between your hands. See if the nail polish is as thin as you want. If it's not, add another drop of nail polish thinner and repeat. Keep repeating this process until the nail polish is thin and wet like new.  For only slightly thickened nail polish, you may be able to get it flowing again by just rolling it between your hands. Turn the bottle upside down once, allowing color to redistribute. Then, place the bottle between your palms.         Roll the bottle back and forth between the palms of your hands. This may work to loosen up the polish. If this method does not work, you may have to try another means of loosening your nail polish.  Nail polish remover contains acetone. If you can't find acetone, a few small drops of nail polish remover. If you have a bottle of nail polish remover that's almost empty, this can be a particularly good method.         Use an eyedropper to add one drop of polish in at the time, swishing the bottle in between. Add as many drops as you need to adequately loosen up your nail polish.	Use nail polish thinner. Roll the bottle between your hands. Try adding nail polish remover to the polish.
Some products may help minimize skin damage and blemishes caused by acne. If the blemished area appears inflamed, irritated, red, or swollen, then you may be able to reduce the size and appearance of the blemish by using the topical steroid cream.Hydrocortisone cream is available in 0.5% and 1% strengths without a prescription. The active ingredient, absorbed by skin cells in the damaged area, works to reduce the inflammation and improve the appearance of the blemish. Apply the cream or ointment several times a day according to the product directions. General recommendations limit the use of topical steroid products to no more than seven days. Monitor the area for any unwanted effects. Sometimes the prolonged use of topical steroid products can cause the skin to atrophy, or start to break down. This reaction most commonly occurs with use in moist areas of the body and on the face.; , Studies support the benefit of using products containing onion skin derivatives mixed with other ingredients, such as allantoin, for its healing abilities.Products that contain onion skin derivatives are available without a prescription. Recommendations for use include a once daily application for several months. It takes time to alter the skin tissue and allow for remodeling to occur.  Silicone sheeting products are effective in reducing the size and appearance of some types of scars. Many variables may influence your response to using this type of treatment to improve the appearance of your scars.Silicone gel sheets are available without a prescription at most local and online pharmacies. The package contains sheets that can be cut to fit the size of the area. Using the silicone gel sheeting daily may help minimize or fade a scar as well as prevent it from getting worse. Use silicone sheeting for 3 months for best results.  Sun protection is vital for minimizing scars. Choose a sunscreen with zinc or titanium oxide to protect against both UVA and UVB rays. Choose a sunscreen with a sun protection factor (SPF) of 30 or higher., Green tea contains chemical compounds called phenols that have both antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties. Applying green tea topically causes a release of a phenol compound that provides benefit in treating scar tissue.Research supports the topical use of green tea extract. One study was able to show a significant reduction in the growth of scar tissue as well as shrinking tissue that was already developed. Every scar is different. Green tea extract was studied in the types of scars called keloid scars. This generally means that the scar tissue formed above the regular skin tissue, causing a raised scar that can be felt. Green tea extract creams can be purchased at most pharmacies or online.  There is no scientific or absolute recipe for making your own topical green tea extract product, so use caution. Adjust your recipe as you learn what works best for your skin.One recipe suggests using two tablespoons full of green tea added to ¾ cup of very hot, but not boiling, water. Steep the tea for five minutes, then strain it through a fine filter or cheesecloth. The remaining liquid should equal about ½ cup of strong tea. Let the liquid cool completely, maybe overnight. Select your base cream. Basic emollient creams that do not contain any added preservatives or fragrances are available for purchase and are not expensive. Use a sturdy spatula, or even a blender or electric mixer, and add cream to the tea in small portions until you have the desired thickness. Store your cream in a jar or other suitable container in a cool, dry place. Remember, you did not add preservatives. Do not keep your cream around for an extended amount of time. Store your cream in the refrigerator, but not the freezer, to extend the time it will remain uncontaminated.  Hydroquinone 2 to 4% topical products work by fading discolored areas of skin. For some types of scars, including those caused by acne, the skin can appear discolored with a pinkish or reddish tone.Hydroquinone products require a prescription. Concerns have developed about the use of topical hydroquinone and the possible development of some forms of cancer. The FDA is reviewing products that contain hydroquinone for safety. Talk to your doctor or dermatologist about the risks and be sure this is the most effective treatment option for managing your scars.  Some scars are too large and possibly too old to respond well to topical remedies. In some cases, you may want to talk to a dermatologist about procedures available to remove your scars.Laser resurfacing is a procedure that removes the external surface layers of the skin where the scar or skin damage is located. Newer techniques and equipment accomplish the desired results in very little time. Dermabrasion uses special equipment and procedures that target the damaged or scarred areas. The procedure removes the outer layers of skin in those areas and stimulates the growth of new skin. Microdermabrasion is a milder form of dermabrasion. This procedure is helpful in reducing scars and imperfections that are more superficial. Steroid injections into the skin can soften existing scar tissue. Steroid injections often need repeated treatments. Injectable fillers, such as collagen and fat injections, can immediately raise sunken scars, making them more level with the natural surface of the skin. However, this treatment is not permanent and may need to be repeated. Radiotherapy is not used often due to the potential problem with longer term side effects. Radiotherapy uses low-dose radiation to prevent the formation of certain types of scar tissue. Surgery can be performed to alter the size, depth, or color of a scar, although it can’t be removed completely. However, surgery isn’t suggested for hypertrophic or keloid scars because it can make them worse.  Putting concealer on a scar is a good way to hide it temporarily. Pick a shade that is as similar to the color of your skin as possible. If the scar is red or pink, try a concealer with a green undertone. If the scar is brown, try a concealer with a yellow undertone. Be sure to choose a waterproof concealer.	Use an over-the-counter steroid product. Apply onion skin products. Use silicone sheeting. Wear sunscreen. Try applications of green tea extract. Make your own green tea extract cream. Consider a topical hydroquinone product. Consider a medical procedure. Wear concealer.
