question: What is the name of this area in northern Georga that comprises two United States National Forests with a combined total area of 866468 acres, and which surrounds the James H. Floyd State Park? context: The Chattahoochee-Oconee National Forest in northern Georgia comprises two United States National Forests, the Oconee National Forest and Chattahoochee National Forest. The combined total area of the Chattahoochee-Oconee National Forest is 866468 acre , of which the Chattahoochee National Forest comprises 750145 acre and the Oconee National Forest comprises 116232 acre . The county with the largest portion of the forest is Rabun County, Georgia, which has 148684 acre within its boundaries. James H. Floyd State Park is a 561 acre (2.27 km²) Georgia State Park located near Summerville at the base of Taylor Ridge (Georgia). The park is named after Democrat James H. "Sloppy" Floyd who served in the Georgia House of Representatives from 1953 until 1974 and was from the area. Surrounded by rural countryside and the Chattahoochee National Forest, the park offers many activities, including camping, hiking and fishing. In addition, the park contains two lakes that total 51 acres (0.21 km²) and a children’s playground. The Pinhoti Trail is accessible through the park.	Chattahoochee-Oconee National Forest
question: Are Grizzly Bear and Residual Kid both rock bands? context: Grizzly Bear is an American rock band from Brooklyn, New York, formed in 2002. The band consists of Edward Droste (vocals, guitar, keyboards, omnichord), Daniel Rossen (vocals, guitar, banjo, keyboards), Chris Taylor (bass, backing vocals, various instruments, producer), and Christopher Bear (drums, backing vocals). The band employs traditional and electronic instruments. Their sound has been categorized as psychedelic pop, folk rock, and experimental, and is dominated by the use of vocal harmonies. Residual Kid is an American rock band from Austin, Texas formed in 2009. The group consists of Deven Ivy (vocals, guitar), Ben Redman (drums), and Max Redman (bass guitar). They have released three EPs: "Box" in 2011, which was recorded with an earlier lineup, "Faces", featuring the current lineup, in 2012, and "Salsa" in 2016.	yes
question: What comic book artist created a comic on an ancient city in Mali? context: Timbuktu (pron.: ), also spelled as Tinbuktu, Timbuctoo and Timbuktoo (Berber: ;French: "Tombouctou" ; Koyra Chiini: "Tumbutu"), is an ancient city in Mali, situated 20 km north of the Niger River. The town is the capital of the Timbuktu Region, one of the eight administrative regions of Mali. It had a population of 54,453 in the 2009 census. Astrothrill is an animated short film based on the alternative comics of the same name published by Cheeky Press. The film is directed by its creator, Craig Clark, an art rock, darkwave musician (Chorus of Souls on Fluxus Records), animator ("Forrest Gump" and "The Simpsons"), comic book artist ("Nemesister" and "Timbuktu") and album cover artist (The Nymphs). Clark produced the film little by little over a period of four years, from 1999-2004.	Craig Clark
question: Which prominent mathematician in the Bernoulli family did Jakob II Bernoulli study under? context: Daniel Bernoulli FRS ( ; ] ; 8 February 1700 – 17 March 1782) was a Swiss mathematician and physicist and was one of the many prominent mathematicians in the Bernoulli family. He is particularly remembered for his applications of mathematics to mechanics, especially fluid mechanics, and for his pioneering work in probability and statistics. His name is commemorated in the Bernoulli's principle, a particular example of the conservation of energy, which describes the mathematics of the mechanism underlying the operation of two important technologies of the 20th century: the carburetor and the airplane wing. Jakob II Bernoulli (17 October 1759 in Basel – 3 July 1789 in Saint Petersburg), younger brother of Johann III Bernoulli. Having finished his literary studies, he was, according to custom, sent to Neuchâtel to learn French. On his return, he graduated in law. This study, however, did not check his hereditary taste for geometry. The early lessons which he had received from his father were continued by his uncle Daniel, and such was his progress that at the age of twenty-one he was called to undertake the duties of the chair of experimental physics, which his uncle’s advanced years rendered him unable to discharge. He afterwards accepted the situation of secretary to count de Brenner, which afforded him an opportunity of seeing Germany and Italy. In Italy, he formed a friendship with Lorgna, professor of mathematics at Verona, and one of the founders of the Società Italiana for the encouragement of the sciences. He was also made corresponding member of the royal society of Turin; and, while residing at Venice, he was, through the friendly representation of Nicolaus von Fuss, admitted into the academy of St Petersburg. In 1788, he was named one of its mathematical professors.	Daniel Bernoulli
question: Are both Andrei Platonov and Edward Albee a writer? context: Andrei Platonov (Russian: Андре́й Плато́нов , ] ; August 28 [O.S. August 16] 1899 – January 5, 1951) was the pen name of Andrei Platonovich Klimentov (Russian: Андре́й Плато́нович Климе́нтов ), a Soviet Russian writer, playwright, and poet, whose works anticipate existentialism. Although Platonov was a Communist, most of his works were banned in his own lifetime for their skeptical attitude toward collectivization and other Stalinist policies, as well as for its experimental, avant-garde form. His famous works include the novels "The Foundation Pit" (Котлован) and "" (Чевенгур) Edward Franklin Albee III ( ; March 12, 1928 – September 16, 2016) was an American playwright known for works such as "The Zoo Story" (1958), "The Sandbox" (1959), "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?" (1962), and "A Delicate Balance" (1966). Three of his plays won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama, and two of his other works won the Tony Award for Best Play.	yes
question: When was the Italian former footballer who inspired 2001–02 Bologna F.C. 1909 season midfield born context: Fabio Pecchia (] ; born 24 August 1973) is an Italian former footballer who played as a midfielder; he is currently the manager of Hellas Verona. Bologna Football Club 1909 came as close as ever to reach the UEFA Champions League, when only a couple of mishaps at the end of the season stopped the dream season to come true. The midfield led by the inspired trio of Fabio Pecchia, Matteo Brighi and Lamberto Zauli performed brilliantly all season, but Bologna's economy was not enough to keep those players at the club, and Pecchia signed for newcomers Como, while Zauli went to Serie B club Palermo. That Bologna could not retain players who could get a better pay at smaller but ambitious clubs was a worrying sign in spite of the spectacular season. It also had to sell defender Salvatore Fresi to champions Juventus, and looked set for a tougher season in 2002-03. Fresi's 2001-02 season was included an incredible eight league goals, despite being a centre-half.	24 August 1973
question: Nordkapp is one of the 11 ships that travel the Norwegian coast from Bergen to a city in what county? context: MS "Nordkapp" is a Hurtigruten (Norwegian Coastal Express) ship built in 1996 by Kleven Verft AS, Norway, for Ofotens og Vesteraalens Dampskibsselskab for use in Hurtigruten ferry service along the coast of Norway. She is a sister ship of MS "Polarlys" and MS "Nordnorge" . "Nordkapp" is one of 11 ships that travel the Norwegian coast from Bergen to Kirkenes.    (, Kven: "Kirkkoniemi" , Russian: Киркенес , Finnish: "Kirkkoniemi" ) is a town in Sør-Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county, in the far northeastern part of Norway. The town lies on a peninsula along the Bøkfjorden, an arm of the large Varangerfjorden. The main church for Kirkenes is Kirkenes Church, located in the Haganes area of the town.	Finnmark county
question: Dieter Zorc is the father of the footballer who played what position? context: Dieter Zorc (born 17 October 1939 – 16 October 2007) was a German football defender. He was the father of Michael Zorc. Michael Zorc (born 25 August 1962) is a German retired footballer who played as a central midfielder.	central midfielder
question: When was The Authors of pain's manager born? context: The Authors of Pain are a professional wrestling tag team performing in WWE's NXT brand. The team, managed by Paul Ellering, is composed of Akam and Rezar. Their names are a play on the principle known as Occam's razor. Paul Ellering (born August 22, 1953) is an American professional wrestling manager currently signed with WWE on the NXT brand and formerly a weightlifter, professional wrestler and dog musher. Ellering spent most of his wrestling career managing the Road Warriors (Animal and Hawk), working with them from 1983 to 1990 and again on occasions between 1992 and 1997. In addition to being their on screen manager he actually handled the team's affairs outside the ring as well, including contract negotiations and travel arrangements. Ellering and the Road Warriors were inducted into both the Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame and the WWE Hall of Fame in 2011. Five years later, in June 2016, he returned to the ring at as the manager of The Authors of Pain, a heel tag team making their debut.	August 22, 1953
question: What 1996 NBA rookie is a player development consultant for the Golden State Warriors today? context: Stephen John Nash, OC, OBC (born February 7, 1974), is a Canadian former professional basketball player who played in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was an eight-time NBA All-Star and a seven-time All-NBA selection. Twice, Nash was named the NBA Most Valuable Player while playing for the Phoenix Suns. He currently serves as general manager of the Canadian national team and as a player development consultant for the Golden State Warriors. The 1996–97 NBA season was the 51st season of the National Basketball Association (NBA). The league used this season to mark its 50th anniversary, which included the unveiling of the league's list of its 50 greatest players. This particular season featured what has since been acknowledged as one of the most talented rookie-classes, featuring the debuts of Allen Iverson, Ray Allen, Kobe Bryant, Steve Nash, Jermaine O'Neal, Ben Wallace and Stephon Marbury. The season ended with the Chicago Bulls defeating the Utah Jazz 4 games to 2 in the NBA Finals to win the franchise's 5th championship.	Stephen John Nash
question: Which Dolly Parton song was co-written by a singer from Lubbock, Texas? context: Morris Mac Davis (born January 21, 1942), known as Mac Davis, is a country music singer, songwriter, and actor, originally from Lubbock, Texas, who has enjoyed much crossover success. His early work writing for Elvis Presley produced the hits "Memories", "In the Ghetto," "Don't Cry Daddy," and "A Little Less Conversation." A subsequent solo career in the 1970s produced hits such as "Baby, Don't Get Hooked on Me," making him a well-known name in pop music. He also starred in his own variety show, a Broadway musical, and various films and TV shows. "White Limozeen" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music artist Dolly Parton. It was released in May 1990 as the fifth single and title track from the album "White Limozeen". The song reached #29 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart. The song was written by Parton and Mac Davis.	White Limozeen
question: What Richie Valen cover did Selena sing? context: American singer Selena released twenty-seven official singles, seven promotional singles, and made five guest vocalist appearances. Her career began as the lead vocalist of Los Dinos in 1980. Her albums with Los Dinos on indie labels failed to achieve any chart success. In 1987, her cover of Ritchie Valens' "La Bamba" peaked at number 19 on the United States "Billboard" Hot Latin Songs chart, her first entry. She signed with EMI Latin nine years later as a solo artist though her band continued to tour with her. Selena appeared on "Buenos Amigos" with Salvadoran singer Álvaro Torres. The track peaked at number one on the U.S. Hot Latin Songs chart in 1991, the singer's first number one song. Subsequent singles, "Baila Esta Cumbia" and "Como la Flor", became popular songs on Mexican radio, with "Como la Flor" launching the singer's career in that country. "Como la Flor" peaked at number six on the Hot Latin Songs chart, despite popular culture claims that it was the singer's first number one single. The track has charted on the U.S. Regional Mexican Digital Songs list since its inception in 2010 and remains the singer's signature number and most popular recording. "La Bamba" has been covered by numerous artists, most notably by Los Lobos, whose version was the title track of the 1987 film "La Bamba" and reached No. 1 in the U.S. and UK singles charts in the same year. The Los Lobos version remained No. 1 for three weeks in the summer of 1987. The music video for Los Lobos' version, directed by Sherman Halsey, won the 1988 MTV Video Music Award for Best Video from a Film.	"La Bamba"
question: John Timpson is the chairman and owner of a multinational retailer that has how many outlets in the United Kingdom and Ireland ? context: Sir William John Anthony Timpson CBE (born 1943) is a British businessman, the chairman and owner of Timpson, a UK shoe repair chain with 1325 shops. He has a weekly management column in The Daily Telegraph and has written several books about his management style. Timpson is a British multinational retailer specialising in shoe repairs, key cutting and engraving, as well as dry cleaning & photo processing. The company also offers mobile phone repairs, jewellery and watch repair, custom-made house signs. It is based in Wythenshawe, Manchester, and currently has over 1325 outlets in the United Kingdom and Ireland. In January 2014, Timpson purchased the photographic services franchise, Snappy Snaps, increasing its store count by 118.	1325 outlets
question: What king sent representatives to sign the treaty that is the reason Clark has often been hailed as the "Conqueror of the Old Northwest"? context: The Treaty of Paris, signed in Paris by representatives of King George III of Great Britain and representatives of the United States of America on September 3, 1783, ended the American Revolutionary War. The treaty set the boundaries between the British Empire in North America and the United States, on lines "exceedingly generous" to the latter. Details included fishing rights and restoration of property and prisoners of war. George Rogers Clark (November 19, 1752 – February 13, 1818) was a surveyor, soldier, and militia officer from Virginia who became the highest ranking American military officer on the northwestern frontier during the American Revolutionary War. He served as leader of the militia in Kentucky (then part of Virginia) throughout much of the war. Clark is best known for his celebrated captures of Kaskaskia (1778) and Vincennes (1779) during the Illinois Campaign, which greatly weakened British influence in the Northwest Territory. Because the British ceded the entire Northwest Territory to the United States in the 1783 Treaty of Paris, Clark has often been hailed as the "Conqueror of the Old Northwest".	King George III
question: Alexander Korda and Spencer Gordon Bennet, have which mutual occupations? context: Spencer Gordon Bennet (January 5, 1893 – October 8, 1987) was an American film producer and director. Known as the "King of Serial Directors", he directed more film serials than any other director. Sir Alexander Korda (born Sándor László Kellner, 16 September 1893 – 23 January 1956) was a Hungarian-born British film producer and director. He first worked in Hollywood during the transition to "talkies", from 1926 to 1930. The change led to divorce from his first wife, popular Hungarian actress María Corda, who could not make the transition because of her strong accent in English.	film producer and director
question: What Yemeni American professional boxer has a gym in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn? context: Sadam Ali (born September 26, 1988) is a Yemeni American professional boxer, who fights at welterweight. Shemuel Pagan is a professional boxer in the Lightweight division. He is trained by his father, Robert Pagan. He is currently training at Sadam Ali's gym in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn. Shemuel Pagan is a Puerto Rican American of strict Jewish faith.	Sadam Ali
question: What secret organization is Snape a part of? context: Severus Snape is a fictional character in J. K. Rowling's "Harry Potter" series. An exceptionally skilful wizard, his coldly sarcastic and controlled exterior conceals deep emotions and anguish. A Professor at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Snape is hostile to the series' protagonist, Harry, the moment he sets foot in Snape's classroom; this hostility is rooted in Harry's resemblance to Harry's father James, who bullied and harassed Snape during their time at Hogwarts. Though philosophically attracted to the Dark Arts and Lord Voldemort's ideology of wizard supremacy, Snape's love for Muggle-born Lily Evans, Harry's mother, eventually compels him to defect from the Death Eaters. Snape becomes a double-agent on behalf of Albus Dumbledore and the Order of the Phoenix, and protects Harry throughout the series. The Order of the Phoenix is a secret organisation in the "Harry Potter" series of fiction books written by J. K. Rowling. Founded by Albus Dumbledore to fight Lord Voldemort and his followers, the Death Eaters, the Order lends its name to the fifth book of the series, "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix".	Order of the Phoenix
question: In what city and country are the Sinan Erdem Dome and Molla Çelebi Mosque located? context: The Molla Çelebi Mosque (Turkish: "Molla Çelebi Camii" ), sometimes known as Fındıklı Mosque (Turkish: "Fındıklı Camii" ) also as The Hazelnut is an Ottoman mosque located in the Fındıklı neighbourhood of Beyoğlu district in Istanbul, Turkey. It was built by Ottoman architect Mimar Sinan under the order of Kazasker Mehmet Vusuli Efendi, Chief Judge of Istanbul. The mosque is located on the Bosphorus waterfront, close to the Kabataş ferry port and Dolmabahçe Mosque. The Sinan Erdem Dome (Turkish: "Sinan Erdem Spor Salonu" ), formerly known as the Ataköy Dome, is a multi-purpose indoor arena that is located on the European side of Istanbul, Turkey.	Istanbul, Turkey.
question: Which of these Asian directors was behind the science fiction adventure film "Snowpiercer", Bong Joon-ho or Vincent Kok? context: Bong Joon Ho (, ] ; born September 14, 1969) is a South Korean film director and screenwriter. His films include South Korean hits "Memories of Murder" (2003), based on a true-life serial murder case, monster movie "The Host" (2006), and his first English-language film, science fiction adventure "Snowpiercer" (2013). His latest film is "Okja" (2017), a South Korean-American film, which competed for the "Palme d'Or" in the main competition section at the 2017 Cannes Film Festival. "Okja" was subsequently released by Netflix on June 28, 2017. Vincent Kok Tak-Chiu (born 15 August 1966) is a Hong Kong actor, scriptwriter and film director.	Bong
question: Which director had their film surpassed as the top-grossing zombie film in 2009? context: Dawn of the Dead is a 2004 American horror film directed by Zack Snyder in his feature film directorial debut. A remake of George A. Romero's 1978 film of the same name, it was written by James Gunn and stars Sarah Polley, Ving Rhames, Jake Weber, and Mekhi Phifer. Zombieland is a 2009 American comedy horror film directed by Ruben Fleischer and written by Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick. The film stars Woody Harrelson, Jesse Eisenberg, Emma Stone and Abigail Breslin as survivors of a zombie apocalypse. The film follows a geeky college kid making his way through the zombie apocalypse, meeting three strangers along the way and together taking an extended road trip across the Southwestern United States in an attempt to find a sanctuary free from zombies. The film premiered at Fantastic Fest on September 25, 2009 and was theatrically released on October 2, 2009 in the United States by Columbia Pictures. "Zombieland" was a critical and commercial success, grossing more than $60.8 million in 17 days and surpassing the 2004 film "Dawn of the Dead" as the top-grossing zombie film in the United States until "World War Z" in 2013.	Zack Snyder
question: Which two professional hock teams did both Ray Ferraro and Pat Verbeek play for? context: Raymond Vincent Ferraro (born August 23, 1964) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player and current broadcaster for TSN Radio, TSN, and NBCSN. He played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Hartford Whalers (1984–1990), New York Islanders (1990–1995), New York Rangers (1995–1996), Los Angeles Kings (1996–1999), Atlanta Thrashers (1999–2002) and St. Louis Blues (2002). His nickname was the "Big Ball of Hate," coined by former Islanders teammate Glenn Healy. Patrick Martin Verbeek (born May 24, 1964) is a Canadian former ice hockey player who played for the New Jersey Devils, Hartford Whalers, New York Rangers, Dallas Stars, and Detroit Red Wings during his career. His nickname, "The Little Ball of Hate", was given to him in 1995 by Glenn Healy after fellow New York Rangers teammate Ray Ferraro was tagged as the "Big Ball of Hate".	Hartford Whalers, New York Rangers
question: Lizan Mitchell had a television role in the sitcom created by whom? context: Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt is an American television sitcom created by Tina Fey and Robert Carlock, starring Ellie Kemper in the title role, that has streamed on Netflix since March 6, 2015. Originally set for a 13-episode first season on NBC for spring 2015, the show was sold to Netflix and given a two-season order. Lizan Mitchell is a film, Broadway, and television actress known for her roles in the films "The Preacher's Wife" and "The Human Stain". She has also played television roles such as Clara in "Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt" and "Guiding Light".	Tina Fey and Robert Carlock
question: What is the 2015 population of the city that includes HM Prison Altcourse? context: Liverpool ( ) is a city in North West England, with an estimated population of 478,580 in 2015. With its surrounding areas, it is the fifth-largest metropolitan area in the UK, with over 2.24 million people in 2011. The local authority is Liverpool City Council, the most populous local government district within the metropolitan county of Merseyside and the largest within the Liverpool City Region. HM Prison Altcourse is a Category B men's private prison and Young Offenders Institution in the Fazakerley area of Liverpool in Merseyside, England. The prison is operated by G4S.	478,580
question:  Baoan Coleman was the voice of a Vietnamese immigrant in an American animated television series created by who? context: Baoan Coleman is an American actor. He had a supporting role in "". He has also had smaller roles in other films including "Rules of Engagement", and was the voice of Vietnamese immigrant Mr. Hyunh in Nickelodeon's "Hey Arnold!" animated series. Hey Arnold! is an American animated television series created by Craig Bartlett that aired on Nickelodeon from October 7, 1996 to June 8, 2004. The show centers on a fourth grader named Arnold, who lives with his grandparents in an inner-city boarding house. Episodes center on his experiences navigating big city life while dealing with the problems he and his friends encounter.	Craig Bartlett
question: Doctor Ox's Experiment was first performed at a coliseum designed by what architect? context: Doctor Ox's Experiment is an opera in two acts by Gavin Bryars. It has an English-language libretto by Blake Morrison after the novella of the same name by Jules Verne. It was first performed on 15 June 1998 at the London Coliseum by English National Opera (ENO) who co-commissioned the opera with BBC Television. The London Coliseum (also known as the Coliseum Theatre) is a theatre in St. Martin's Lane, central London, built as one of London's largest and most luxurious "family" variety theatres. Opened on 24 December 1904 as the London Coliseum Theatre of Varieties, it was designed by the theatrical architect Frank Matcham for the impresario Oswald Stoll. Their ambition was to build the largest and finest music hall, described as the "people's palace of entertainment" of its age.	Frank Matcham
question: The Toronto School is a school of thought in communication theory and literary criticism, the principles of which were developed chiefly by scholars at the University of Toronto, the school originated from the works of Eric A. Havelock, was a British classicist who spent most of his life in Canada, and which country? context: The Toronto School is a school of thought in communication theory and literary criticism, the principles of which were developed chiefly by scholars at the University of Toronto. It is characterized by exploration of Ancient Greek literature and the theoretical view that communication systems create psychological and social states. The school originated from the works of Eric A. Havelock and Harold Innis in the 1930s, and grew to prominence with the contributions of Edmund Snow Carpenter, Northrop Frye and Marshall McLuhan. Eric Alfred Havelock ( ; 3 June 1903 – 4 April 1988) was a British classicist who spent most of his life in Canada and the United States. He was a professor at the University of Toronto and was active in the Canadian socialist movement during the 1930s. In the 1960s and 1970s, he served as chair of the classics departments at both Harvard and Yale. Although he was trained in the turn-of-the-20th-century Oxbridge tradition of classical studies, which saw Greek intellectual history as an unbroken chain of related ideas, Havelock broke radically with his own teachers and proposed an entirely new model for understanding the classical world, based on a sharp division between literature of the 6th and 5th centuries BC on the one hand, and that of the 4th on the other.	United States.
question: What American supernatural drama television series that premiered on CBS on September 21, 1994, has a spin off series called Promised Land? context: Promised Land is an American drama series which aired on CBS from 1996 to 1999. It is a spin-off from another series, "Touched by an Angel". Touched by an Angel is an American supernatural drama television series that premiered on CBS on September 21, 1994, and ran for 211 episodes and nine seasons until its conclusion on April 27, 2003. Created by John Masius and produced by Martha Williamson, the series stars Roma Downey, as an angel named Monica, and Della Reese, as her supervisor Tess. Throughout the series, Monica is tasked with bringing guidance and messages from God to various people who are at a crossroads in their lives. From season three on, they are frequently joined by Andrew (John Dye), the angel of death (who first appeared as a recurring character in season two). The series went into syndication in 1998, and has been shown on Ion Television (formerly PAX-TV), Hallmark Channel, and Up.	Touched by an Angel
question: The Metropolitan District Commission Stable is located in a town in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, that had a population of what in the 2010 census? context: The Metropolitan District Commission Stable is a historic stable on Hillside Street in Milton, Massachusetts. Milton is a town in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States and an affluent suburb of Boston. The population was 27,003 at the 2010 census. Milton is the birthplace of former U.S. President George H. W. Bush and architect Buckminster Fuller.	27,003
question: Farrukh Saleem is an expert in which study of mathematical models of conflict and cooperation between intelligent rational decision-makers? context: Game theory is "the study of mathematical models of conflict and cooperation between intelligent rational decision-makers". Game theory is mainly used in economics, political science, and psychology, as well as logic, computer science and biology. Originally, it addressed zero-sum games, in which one person's gains result in losses for the other participants. Today, game theory applies to a wide range of behavioral relations, and is now an umbrella term for the science of logical decision making in humans, animals, and computers. Farrukh Saleem (Urdu: فاروخ سليم; PhD), is a Pakistani political scientist, game and economic theorist, financial analyst writer, and television personality. Currently working on specialising the discipline of finance and education, he has extensively published articles on geopolitics, economic competition, and education reforms in Pakistan, and the world. Currently, he is leading the research project on politics and education at the Center for Research and Security Studies (CRSS).	Game theory
question: Are Flax and Calamus in the same family? context: Calamus is a genus of the palm family Arecaceae. These are among several genera known as rattan palms. There are an estimated 400 species in this genus, all native to tropical and subtropical Asia, Africa, and Australia. They are mostly leaf-climbing lianas with slender, reedy stems. To aid scrambling some species have evolved hooks on the underside of the midrib, or more commonly by modified "pinnae" or tendrils in the form of stout, backward-pointing spines. These stems may grow to lengths of 200 metres. Flax (also known as common flax or linseed), "Linum usitatissimum", is a member of the genus "Linum" in the family Linaceae. It is a food and fiber crop cultivated in cooler regions of the world. The textiles made from flax are known in the Western countries as linen, and traditionally used for bed sheets, underclothes, and table linen. The oil is known as linseed oil. In addition to referring to the plant itself, the word "flax" may refer to the unspun fibers of the flax plant. The plant species is known only as a cultivated plant, and appears to have been domesticated just once from the wild species "Linum bienne", called pale flax.	no
question: When did the web series featuring Emily Meade air its final episode?  context: Emily Meade (born January 10, 1989) is an American film and television actress. She has appeared in films such as "Twelve" (2010), "My Soul to Take" (2010), "Gimme Shelter" (2013), "That Awkward Moment" (2014), "Money Monster" (2016), and "Nerve" (2016), and the television series "Boardwalk Empire", "", "The Leftovers" and "Broad City". She also portrayed a future version of the character Ella Blake in series "Fringe" third season finale and currently appears in the HBO series "The Deuce" (2017-present). Broad City is an American comedy television series, created by and starring Ilana Glazer and Abbi Jacobson. It was developed from their web series of the same name, which was independently produced from 2009 to 2011. The creation of the web series began after Glazer received poor feedback on a project she and a partner had been working on. After expressing her frustration to Jacobson, the two decided to work on a project together, eventually creating the web series "Broad City." The series is based on Glazer and Jacobson's real life friendship, and their attempt to "make it" in New York. Amy Poehler is one of "Broad City"'s executive producers, and appeared in the webseries finale. The series premiered on Comedy Central on January 22, 2014.	January 22, 2014
question: The help of a global war between Great Britain and her Thirteen Colonies was supplied by what founder? context: Hunter's Ironworks, also known as Rappahannock Forge, was a historic iron furnace located on the Rappahannock River, near Falmouth, Stafford County, Virginia. It was founded by James Hunter and was in operation by the 1750s. With the outbreak of the American Revolutionary War, it supplied the Continental Army and navy with muskets, swords, and other armaments and camp implements. Due to its wartime significance, Gov. Thomas Jefferson ordered special military protection for the complex. The ironworks contained a blast furnace, forge, slitting, merchant, and other mills, nailery, coopers’, carpenters’, and wheelwright shops and houses for the managers and workmen. The iron works operations terminated in December 1782. Some of the buildings may have been used for other purposes into the 19th century At the time of its listing in 1974, the property had 21 contributing structures and 1 contributing site; none survive today. The American Revolutionary War (17751783), also known as the American War of Independence, was a global war that began as a conflict between Great Britain and her Thirteen Colonies, which declared independence as the United States of America.	James Hunter
