premise: Four US cable companies, including industry leaders Comcast Corp and Time Warner Cable, have entered the fast-growing wireless arena through a joint venture with Sprint Nextel. [SEP] hypothesis: Time Warner Cable is a partner of Sprint Nextel.	entailment
premise: The scandal is one of several threatening to undermine President Cardoso's four-party government alliance, and could force out one of Brazil's top politicians - the newly appointed President of the Senate, Jader Barbalho. [SEP] hypothesis: Jador Barbalho is a politician.	entailment
premise: A number of undergraduate schools and colleges have also received it, as has the French Red-Cross, the abbey of Notre-Dame des Dombes, and the French railway company SNCF. [SEP] hypothesis: The French railway company is called SNCF.	entailment
premise: Nichols was found guilty May 26 of 161 counts of first-degree murder for 160 victims and an unborn child in a state trial. [SEP] hypothesis: The state charges against Nichols are for 160 victims and one victim's fetus.	entailment
premise: The institute's breakthrough came about after it set out to examine Thür's belief that an octagonal tomb in the remains of the Roman city of Ephesus contained the body of Arsinöe. According to Roman texts the city, in what is now Turkey, is where Arsinöe was banished after being defeated in a power struggle against Cleopatra and her then lover, Julius Caesar.  Arsinöe was said to have been murdered after Cleopatra, now with Mark Antony following Caesar's death, ordered the Roman general to have her younger sibling killed to prevent any future attempts on the Egyptian throne. [SEP] hypothesis: Queen Cleopatra ordered the assassination of her sister.	entailment
premise: Critics said the National Certificate of Educational Achievement or NCEA, the main qualification for high school students, would be degraded by the authority allowing text speak use in exams. [SEP] hypothesis: NCEA is the main qualification for high school students.	entailment
premise: Not counting the 1986 catastrophe at Chernobyl, where the nuclear reactors are of a different design, the industry has so far succeeded. [SEP] hypothesis: The catastrophe at Chernobyl happened in 1986.	entailment
premise: The original spelling reform of 1996, which was meant to harmonize the spelling rules across the German-speaking countries, turned out to be a major embarrassment if not outright failure. [SEP] hypothesis: A spelling reform was approved in all German speaking countries.	entailment
premise: Councilman Pierce had built the home for his daughter on E. 28th Street off Rossville Blvd, as he lives nearby. [SEP] hypothesis: Pierce lives near Rossville Blvd.	entailment
premise: While the House has been extremely active in passing bills addressing the key priorities of entrepreneurs, most of the legislation has hit a brick wall over in the Senate. [SEP] hypothesis: The House quickly passes bills addressing the priorities of entrepreneurs.	entailment
premise: Actor Christopher Reeve, best known for his role as Superman, is paralyzed and cannot breathe without the help of a respirator after breaking his neck in a riding accident in Culpeper, Va., on Saturday. [SEP] hypothesis: Christopher Reeve had an accident.	entailment
premise: Even though the charges were dropped on January 22, 2006, his Nobel Prize reception continues to provoke mixed feelings of pride and anger among Turks. On the other hand, as Pamuk intended, the criminal case brought international attention to freedom of speech in Turkey. In his Nobel speech, he defined literature as:  ... what a person creates when he shuts himself up in a room, sits down at a table, and retires to a corner to express his thoughts - that is, the meaning of literature... When a writer shuts himself up in a room for years on end, with this gesture he suggests a single humanity, a world without a centre. [SEP] hypothesis: Pamuk won a Nobel Prize.	entailment
premise: Parviz Davudi was representing Iran at a meeting of the Shanghai Co-operation Organisation (SCO), the fledgling association that binds Russia, China and four former Soviet republics of central Asia together to fight terrorism. [SEP] hypothesis: China is a member of SCO.	entailment
premise: The pills were sold under store brands by Wal-Mart, CVS, Safeway and more than 120 other major retailers, the Food and Drug Administration said. [SEP] hypothesis: The pills were commercialized by major retailers.	entailment
premise: Priscilla Presley greeted thousands of cheering Elvis fans at a concert Friday night, marking the 25th anniversary of the King's death, telling them "you're helping Elvis make history again." [SEP] hypothesis: Priscilla Presley told fans, "you're helping Elvis make history again."	entailment
premise: The Arabic-language television network Al-Jazeera reports it has received a statement and a videotape from militants. [SEP] hypothesis: Al-Jazeera is an Arabic-language television network.	entailment
premise: One reason for increased osteoporosis in developed countries is the sodium-potassium imbalance. [SEP] hypothesis: Dietary intake of potassium prevents osteoporosis.	contradiction
premise: Addressing a function organized here by the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), Anand said, the greatest and most urgent challenges of human rights in India were in the areas of maternal and child care, child education, child labor, child abuse and protection of minorities and weaker sections. [SEP] hypothesis: Amnesty International takes care of human rights.	contradiction
premise: Based on a worldwide study of smoking-related fire and disaster data, UC Davis epidemiologists show smoking is a leading cause of fires and death from fires globally. [SEP] hypothesis: Domestic fires are the major cause of fire death.	contradiction
premise: "The Extraditables" have claimed responsibility for the murder of two employees of Bogota's daily El Espectador perpetrated today in Medellin, where two other El Espectator people, Miguel Soler Rodriguez and Martha Luz Lopez, were killed today in separate attacks carried out by gunmen. [SEP] hypothesis: Miguel Soler Rodriguez and Martha Luz Lopez were killed by two employees of Bogota's daily El Espectador.	contradiction
premise: The Italian air transport sector features many typical causes of industrial conflict, including: the troubled economic situation of Alitalia, Italy's flagship airline (IT0404304F); a set of specific factors concerning services delivery; and a marked fragmentation of trade union representation. [SEP] hypothesis: Italian flight assistants go on strike.	contradiction
premise: O'Connor then fought on the side of the Republicans in the 1921-22 Civil War, with those who favored rejection of the treaty which brought peace between Ireland and Britain, but at the cost of a divided island. [SEP] hypothesis: Ireland has been divided since 1921.	contradiction
premise: The order is worth EUR 58 million and handover of the submarines to the Portuguese navy is scheduled for 2010. The contract also includes an option for the same equipment to be built into a third submarine. [SEP] hypothesis: The Portuguese Navy has 58 submarines.	contradiction
premise: U.S. District Judge Leonie Brinkema accepted would-be hijacker Zacarias Moussaoui's guilty pleas on six charges of conspiracy laid against him for his plotting to participate in the Sept. 11 attacks . Moussaoui, who had to be restrained at one point during the trial in an Alexandria, Virginia courthouse, was polite and quiet during the day's appearance. [SEP] hypothesis: Moussaoui participated in the Sept. 11 attacks.	contradiction
premise: In that decade, Missouri's Hispanic population grew to 118,000 from about 60,000, he said. [SEP] hypothesis: Missouri's population is 118,000.	contradiction
premise: Typhoon Chanchu, packing winds up to 170 kph (106 mph) and the strongest typhoon on record to enter the South China Sea in May, made landfall between the cities of Shantou and Xiamen and was advancing northeast, the Hong Kong Observatory said. [SEP] hypothesis: A typhoon batters the Philippines.	contradiction
premise: Like the United States, U.N. officials are also dismayed that Aristide killed a conference called by Prime Minister Robert Malval in Port-au-Prince in hopes of bringing all the feuding parties together. [SEP] hypothesis: Aristide kills Prime Minister Robert Malval	contradiction
premise: The common binding of Catholic faith did little to prevent the Bavarians from slaughtering fellow believers in the 19th century under Prussian Protestant officers. [SEP] hypothesis: 19 Bavarians are Catholic.	contradiction
premise: Last week, NATO and Iran had contact for the first time in thirty years, NATO officials stated Thursday. "[An Iranian] diplomat met with Assistant Secretary General for Political Affairs and Security Policy Martin Erdmann," said chief alliance spokesman James Appathurai. The Iranian embassy in Brussels declined to comment on the visit. The visit to Brussels by the Iranian diplomat was the first "since the regime of the Shah" collapsed by the Ayatollah Khomeini led Iranian Revolution in 1979. [SEP] hypothesis: Martin Erdmann works for Iran as a diplomat.	contradiction
premise: The Dalai Lama has offered to send 50 trained teachers from the exile community to help the educational development of Tibet. [SEP] hypothesis: The Dalai Lama has been living in exile since 1950.	contradiction
premise: Former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori has been sentenced to 25 years in jail for ordering killings and kidnappings by security forces. At the end of a 15-month trial, judges found him guilty of two death-squad killings of 25 people during the conflict with guerrillas in the 1990s. After being sentenced, Mr Fujimori said he would appeal against the verdict. Human rights group Amnesty International described the verdict as "a milestone in the fight for justice". [SEP] hypothesis: Alberto Fujimori has been sentenced to life in prison.	contradiction
premise: Gamma ray bursts are some of the most powerful objects observed in the Universe and are thought to signal the birth of black holes. Swift is designed to detect the bursts and automatically re-orient itself to gather images and data of the phenomenon. [SEP] hypothesis: Gamma rays are forms of electromagnetic radiation.	contradiction
