premise: B: Yeah. How about Mister Rogers, is he still around? A: Yes. Yeah. They still show Mister Rogers. I don't think he's making new ones, [SEP] hypothesis: Mister Rogers is making new Mister Rogers	contradiction
premise: A: It was just a side benefit. B: Yeah, yeah, because, I'm not big or anything, but I'm not in great shape, But when I worked out, I got in pretty good shape. I didn't build up muscle, though, I just got real good and toned. A: Yeah. B: I don't think women look good with muscles. [SEP] hypothesis: women look good with muscles	contradiction
premise: B: Oh, well that's good. A: but she really doesn't. Nobody thought she would adjust, [SEP] hypothesis: she would adjust	contradiction
premise: Oh, I did, I did! I was lucky. I would have liked brothers and sisters but I don't remember that I was ever lonely. [SEP] hypothesis: she was ever lonely	contradiction
premise: I should dearly have liked to know whether they were Europeans or Americans, but I couldn't hear the accents. They appeared to be arguing. I hoped the white men weren't telling him to eliminate all witnesses because I don't believe it would have needed much persuasion. [SEP] hypothesis: eliminating all witnesses would have needed much persuasion	contradiction
premise: The South Korean government is signing a protocol today establishing formal diplomatic relations with Poland. The two are also signing a trade agreement. South Korean government officials said they don't expect that Seoul can loan money to Warsaw, but it can ``offer experience.'' [SEP] hypothesis: Seoul can loan money to Warsaw	contradiction
premise: B: I wouldn't be surprised. A: You know, because they don't want to send them to daycare. B: I doubt if they would say it was too long. [SEP] hypothesis: it was too long	contradiction
premise: She swallowed hard, unsure if she had the nerve to go ahead. The memory of the pain in Tara's eyes last night decided her. Did he really expect her to believe that Tara was only the housekeeper? [SEP] hypothesis: Tara was only the housekeeper	contradiction
premise: A: but at the same time I think it would do them a world of good. B: Yeah. A: But there's a, B: I don't know that you could require everyone yeah, to do it for a whole year, or two years or something like that, [SEP] hypothesis: speaker A could require everyone to do it for a whole year	contradiction
premise: B: I think that not only applies inside the public school system, but in society itself. there's been too much negative reinforcement. How much, like, the caught being good slips. How about, just the John Q citizen out there on the street? A: Yeah, well that's true. I think, really though, I mean, that's one thing that, I mean, my kids definitely get spanked when they need to be spanked. But I really do try to use positive, uh, reinforcement with them at home, also. And it really helps. And I mean, they don't get spanked very often, but they do when they deserve it, you know. But, uh, I don't think any kid should be exempt from being spanked. [SEP] hypothesis: some kid should be exempt from being spanked	contradiction
premise: But he ended up eating it himself. I was reluctant to kiss my mother, afraid that somehow her weakness and unhappiness would infect me. Naturally I didn't think for a minute that my life and spirit could stimulate her. [SEP] hypothesis: her life and spirit could stimulate her mother	contradiction
premise: A: Yeah, you're probably right, two years might be a little too long. B: Yeah, and there will be a lot of rebellion in that and when you get people who have no desire to be there in the first place, I don't think that they're going to be serving anybody. [SEP] hypothesis: they're going to be serving somebody	contradiction
premise: A: Yeah, that's crazy. B: and then you come here in the Dallas area, um, I don't believe that people should be allowed to carry guns in their vehicles. [SEP] hypothesis: people should be allowed to carry guns in their vehicles	contradiction
premise: A: and if they weren't spending all the money on drug testing, people could have got a raise. So, see, you know, there's different, I think that's more of a personal view of mine other than a yes, sir, we should have drug testing because there's really a problem B: Uh-huh. A: and I know that. But then, I have other views to it. B: I didn't think it was that expensive because my son was in probably a week and a half period [SEP] hypothesis: it was that expensive	contradiction
premise: A: it was so fattening. B: That sounds good. A: But, I don't think we gained any weight from it [SEP] hypothesis: they gained any weight from it	contradiction
premise: GM confirmed it received U.S. antitrust clearance to boost its holding. Sansui Electric agreed to sell a 51% stake to Polly Peck of Britain for $110 million. Still, analysts said the accord doesn't suggest Japan is opening up to more foreign takeovers. [SEP] hypothesis: Japan is opening up to more foreign takeovers	contradiction
premise: I WAS really only a bystander in the tragedy of young Mr and Mrs McLeod. It was not really my business although it could be said that I had known them both - had seen them about - for most of their lives. [SEP] hypothesis: she had known Mr. and Mrs. McLeod for most of their lives	entailment
premise: Her priggishness. I admire it. I know she does wrong things she tries to organize other people's lives she can't see Mr Knightley is a man in a million. [SEP] hypothesis: Mr Knightley is a man in a million	entailment
premise: ``I wanted to tell you. But the Bookman asked me to keep our meeting a secret.'' How did you know I 'd met him? [SEP] hypothesis: he had met the Bookman	entailment
premise: O listened. As he listened he could smell the man. And he could hear that the song was almost turning into a sob. [SEP] hypothesis: the song was almost turning into a sob	entailment
premise: A: Oh, oh yeah, and every time you see one hit on the side of the road you say is that my cat. B: Uh-huh. A: And you go crazy thinking it might be yours. B: Right, well I didn't realize my husband was such a sucker for animals until I brought one home one night. [SEP] hypothesis: her husband was such a sucker for animals	entailment
premise: Like now. The Community in Knockglen would defend Eve vociferously. Even some of the Sisters here in Dublin might see that the girl had a point. [SEP] hypothesis: the girl had a point	entailment
premise: ``That's good.'' Ruth stood looking at her. Rachaela could imagine Emma would have been all congratulations and the joys of womanhood. [SEP] hypothesis: Emma would have been all congratulations and the joys of womanhood	entailment
premise: His hair was white, as my daughters reported when they went to view the body before it was given to the Odonata. Now he is known as The Man Who Changed the World, and there are statues to him everywhere. No one remembers he had a younger brother. [SEP] hypothesis: The Man Who Changed the World had a younger brother	entailment
premise: What must it be like to be imprisoned here, day after day, month after month? I wonder, does he keep them chained and manacled, thought Fenella, or does he use sorcery? And so utterly immersed was she in this strange blue and green land that was not feeling strange any more that she did not even notice that she was weighing sorcery against steel chains and seriously considering the likely outcome. [SEP] hypothesis: Fenella was weighing sorcery against steel chains	entailment
premise: ``You 've heard something like that before. Haven't you, Jimmy?'' Jimmy had been shaken by those sounds more shaken than the others for good reason but Cardiff could see that he was unprepared to show it as he pushed himself away from the reception counter. [SEP] hypothesis: Jimmy was unprepared to show he had been shaken	entailment
premise: It seemed impossible that anyone could endure such pain for so long, but at last the doors of the Renault slammed and there was comparative silence. The engine was started up, revving violently as the car was turned round on the narrow road. John could tell that it was being driven back up the hill towards Putna. [SEP] hypothesis: the car was being driven back up the hill towards Putna	entailment
premise: A: Uh, I saw Seven Eleven that was hiring. B: Well, I'm sure with the new, uh, contract awarding I think it went to Lockheed, didn't it? [SEP] hypothesis: the contract went to Lockheed	entailment
premise: Gloria remarked as they shared their coffee break in the kitchen. Melissa suppressed a sigh. She had hoped to dodge the subject but might have known that Gloria's boundless interest in all things morbid and sensational would make it impossible. [SEP] hypothesis: Gloria's boundless interest in all things morbid and sensational would make dodging the subject impossible	entailment
premise: A: I thought Carter was good too, and that was, yeah, B: Did you? I always liked him, I thought he was great at the time and I just couldn't get over the fact that Reagan beat him. you know, that I just couldn't believe that he got voted out. [SEP] hypothesis: Carter got voted out	entailment
premise: A: No, not really. I spends a lot of time with our income tax, though. especially, this year and last year. Um, I have been married for just a few years, so I've had to really switch around from the EZ form to the, uh, B: Schedule A. A: Right. B: Well, yeah. A: All the deductions and all that. B: Did you notice that when they passed the new simplified tax act, it seemed like it made everything harder? [SEP] hypothesis: when they passed the new simplified tax act  it seemed like it made everything harder	entailment
premise: ``It's not your day, is it, dear?'' ``No, but they 've got to be done, and Shirley's making the tea.'' Ianthe had not told her mother that she sometimes had to dust the books in the library. [SEP] hypothesis: Ianthe sometimes had to dust the books in the library	entailment
premise: It is all very well, in these changing times, to adapt one's work to take in duties not traditionally within one's realm. But bantering is of another dimension altogether. For one thing how would one know for sure that at any given moment a response of the bantering sort is truly what is expected? [SEP] hypothesis: at any given moment a response of the bantering sort is truly what is expected	neutral
premise: B: when you've lost something or uh, uh, don't have what other people have that's when you tend to realize, you know, what's out there and you know, what you have and what you don't have. A: Yeah I agree. B: So the original question, do we think they're you know, a security threat? [SEP] hypothesis: they're a security threat	neutral
premise: B: Right. And I'm sure that would make a big difference, too. You know, you've got, A: Yeah. Well, what about a voluntary program? Do you think that would be a good idea? [SEP] hypothesis: a voluntary program would be a good idea	neutral
premise: A: Sometimes you hear things on the radio that, you know, could be true or couldn't be. B: Uh-huh. A: Uh, do you feel like this is, I guess they're spending a billion or so a year on this AIDS research. B: Uh-huh. A: Do you think they should spend more? [SEP] hypothesis: they should spend more	neutral
premise: A: Yeah, they did. They put a lot of pressure on him from the outside and from the inside. Uh, it's funny watching them play, he's probably like a lot of quarterbacks, uh, when the pressure is really on when it's down to the last few minutes of the game for the season is when the guys seem to really do their best. B: Uh-huh. A: And I haven't quite figured that out, if they figure they have got it won or if there's no real hurry because the first three quarters or, uh, uh, if something happens that that adrenalin starts flowing. [SEP] hypothesis: they have got it won	neutral
premise: ``Clever''. Klug means ``clever''. Would you say that Abie was clever? [SEP] hypothesis: Abie was clever	neutral
premise: ``I hope you are settling down and the cat is well.'' This was a lie. She did not hope the cat was well. [SEP] hypothesis: the cat was well	neutral
premise: B: All right, well. A: Um, short term, I don't think anything's going to be done about it or probably should be done about it. B: Right.  Uh, are you saying you don't think anything should be done in the short term? [SEP] hypothesis: anything should be done in the short term	neutral
premise: I can't afford to get bogged down in the weeds. But at least you know she did leave. Maybe a coincidence maybe the two girls talked on the phone decided they 'd both had enough. [SEP] hypothesis: the two girls had both had enough	neutral
premise: That evening Shannon steered well clear of Dane, all but tiptoeing around him, determined not to land in any more confrontations. From now till this snow siege ended, she would simply live under the same roof, but keep to her own side of an invisible barrier, she decided. She could only hope he 'd do the same. [SEP] hypothesis: Dane would do the same	neutral
premise: Nicky approached her with the assumption that men are naturally right and it is the role of women to follow their lead. Constance, whose confidence was growing daily, was not prepared to give in to Nicky's wishes merely because of his sex. If she felt he was right then she agreed with him. [SEP] hypothesis: Nicky was right	neutral
premise: B: and both of those seem very easy to use compared to D Base. A: Uh-huh. Do you think D Base is more flexible or allows you to do more. Or do you think the others are pretty much compatible these days? [SEP] hypothesis: the others are pretty much compatible these days	neutral
premise: A: Well I, uh, when is your next one, uh, scheduled now. B: Well it's like, the last one was my high school graduation the next one was when I graduated from college, so I guess about two more years. A: Yes, well, and do you think you'll have a baby to take back with you. [SEP] hypothesis: speaker B will have a baby to take back with her	neutral
premise: B: Uh-huh. So, yeah, that's the thing is just to look at the school system in the area that you move into before you. A: Uh-huh. Of course we have a slight problem in that, uh, the number of the illiterate in America is mushrooming at this point, and, uh, you know, where our kids might be in a great school, we're still paying an awful lot of taxes for people who are on welfare and unemployment because they can't read, you know. B: Uh-huh. A: So. B: But do you think that there should be, um, nationwide, um, curriculum? [SEP] hypothesis: there should be a nationwide curriculum	neutral
premise: A: Yeah. The radio doesn't really have much news sometimes. The stations I listen to are just mainly music. B: Yeah, I think you pretty much have to listen to all news station to get any news at all. A: Yeah. Do you think that TV is, uh, pretty accurate. [SEP] hypothesis: TV is pretty accurate	neutral
premise: Then it cried. It was another girl. I was a little disappointed but I could only hope that Celia was still a bit hazy from the drugs. [SEP] hypothesis: Celia was still a bit hazy from the drugs	neutral
