The 27-year-old from Lowestoft dislocated his shoulder against Ruslan Schelev in Germany in July 2015. "I've had two years of hellacious rehab," Ogogo told BBC Radio Suffolk. "It's been heartbreaking at times. "I 100% believe I'm going to get what I want out of boxing," he continued. "And that's to become a world champion." The London 2012 Olympic bronze medallist was returning from a previous injury when he suffered the setback in the second round against Schelev. "I boxed four and a half rounds with a dislocated arm, won the fight, dug in, but I didn't learn much from it," Ogogo continued. "It was just about proving to myself I had the minerals to stay in there despite the pain." The Suffolk boxer is due to make his comeback on 28 May in Glasgow on the Ricky Burns v Michele Di Rocco undercard, where he will hope to improve on his record of eight professional fights unbeaten. "If any guy is going to fight me, it's best to fight me now," said Ogogo. "My right shoulder is probably at about 80-85% compared to where it was prior to the dislocation. "I've got the speed back but my right arm is only going to get bigger and stronger. "It's frightening how much better I can get. British boxing is on the crest of a wave at the moment. "I feel like I've sat on the outskirts looking in, so I'm glad I can finally get stuck in myself."	British middleweight Anthony Ogogo says he believes he can fulfil his ambition of becoming world champion after nearly a year out from boxing.
Mr Obama met Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard at the White House on Monday. The two leaders also discussed climate change, the war in Afghanistan and trade. The visit marks the 60th anniversary of the Anzus military alliance between the two nations. It is Ms Gillard's first official visit to the US since taking office. By Katie ConnollyBBC News, Washington Australia has long had a close, warm relationship with the US, epitomized by the 60-year-old Anzus treaty. America has "no stronger ally", according to President Obama. But it's the personal chemistry between the countries' leaders that is often the subject of scrutiny. John Howard got along famously well with President George W Bush. Mr Bush invited the former Aussie PM to spend time at his Texas ranch, and gave him a pair of cowboy boots. Kevin Rudd and Barack Obama - both cerebral centrists with a deep interest in world affairs - were said to have a strong personal rapport. Ms Gillard, it seems, is no exception. Barack Obama told reporters he was "immediately charmed" by Australia's first female prime minister. He gave her a "hearty welcome" to the Oval Office, while she smiled proudly for the assembled cameras. Bryant's blog: Barack and Julia The situation in Libya and anti-government protests across the Middle East were high on the agenda. The two leaders presented a united front against violence in the region. "We have no stronger ally than Australia," Mr Obama said. "Australia joined with us in imposing swift and firm, comprehensive sanctions against the Libyan government." Both leaders emphasised the warm friendship between their nations, with Ms Gillard saying they were "great mates". She also affirmed Australia's ongoing commitment to the war in Afghanistan, while admitting that the mission was "hard". Other topics raised during the bilateral meeting were security, the economy and trade, particularly in the Pacific region. Ms Gillard said she hoped that Mr Obama was able to provide leadership on the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a multilateral free trade agreement focused on the Pacific and Oceania, which both the US and Australia are in negotiations to join. Mr Obama offered his condolences to victims of Australia's recent floods. Mr Obama and Ms Gillard, a former education minister, then visited a Washington area school where they took questions from history students. During the session, Ms Gillard boasted about the virtues of Vegemite, an iconic Australian food spread which Mr Obama called "horrible". Earlier Ms Gillard visited the Lincoln Memorial, where she announced a $3.3m (Â£2.0m) investment in an education centre honouring Vietnam veterans. On Tuesday, she will join Senator John McCain, a former presidential candidate, to unveil an art exhibition commemorating the US-Australian alliance in the US Capitol building. In her appearance with Mr Obama, Ms Gillard declared the alliance "60 years young", saying that she envisioned a great future for the continuing partnership. Ms Gillard will address a joint session of the US Congress on Wednesday. She will be the first foreign dignitary to address congress since Republicans took control of the House of Representatives in November's midterm elections. While in Washington, Ms Gillard will also have meetings with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner, US Trade Representative Ron Kirk and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke.	Australia and the US stand "shoulder to shoulder" in condemning the violence in Libya, President Barack Obama has said.
The 26-year-old made 35 appearances in the top flight for Angers last term, having previously played for Le Havre, Clermont and Olympique de Valence. "I hope to play many matches and help the club to the Premier League as soon as possible," he told the club website. The Championship club have added 10 new first-team players this summer. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.	Wolverhampton Wanderers have signed Morocco midfielder Romain Saiss on a four-year deal from French Ligue 1 club Angers for an undisclosed fee.
There were some bad experiences for rugby fans getting to and from venues by train. Generally it feels like the service itself has been patchy. While I'm told the trip to Brighton for South Africa v Japan on Saturday was a breeze, the trains to Cardiff for Ireland vs Canada organised by First Great Western were rammed. The problem there, I'm told, is lots of fans turned up at the same time to travel. Great Western admits its messaging was not strong enough to encourage fans to travel earlier in the day. For the game on Wednesday in Cardiff between Australia and Fiji it says passengers with later tickets can travel on earlier trains (not vice-versa). It says it was an issue with travel management and not the number of services available, and it wants as many passengers as possible to travel just after the morning peak. On Saturday, Twickenham station itself had to be shut after a man was struck by a train and because of that there was even more overcrowding than usual. Eyewitnesses told us it was not far off serious crushing outside. Twickenham station struggles to cope with crowds at the best of times. It is a suburban rail station and not really designed for big sporting events, and when it deals with them it is at capacity. I'm told other routes like the shuttle bus to Hounslow Central were quite good. This weekend fans should be aware there will be six sets of engineering works across London. While Network Rail has suspended work on key routes to the venues, fans should check their routes so they don't get caught out. For example, on the Great Northern to Peterborough there will be a bus replacement service from midnight on Saturday. Network Rail says: "It is vital that we continue to maintain and upgrade the rail network millions of people in and around the capital rely on every day."	So how did transport cope with the first weekend of the Rugby World Cup?
Heavy rainfall overnight left the playing surface and surrounding areas under heavy water and a 10:00 GMT pitch inspection was called. No new date has yet been set. Several other north-west clubs have also had to cancel their Boxing Day fixtures following heavy rain, while the Met Office has issued a weather warning for parts of Lancashire. For the latest on the Boxing Day postponements click here.	Bury's League One match against Barnsley has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch at Gigg Lane.
The last edition of the Eskdale and Liddesdale Advertiser was due to be published on Wednesday. However, the publishing company which owns the weekly has extended the consultation period by seven days. The final edition is now scheduled for 21 December unless the paper can be sold for a "nominal amount". The Eskdale and Liddesdale Advertiser was established in 1848 and has a circulation of about 1,200 copies in and around Langholm. Last month, the CN Group announced plans to shut the paper leaving the three members of staff facing redundancy. The company said that despite the best efforts of the team,  the weekly edition had not been in profit for some time and launched a formal consultation on its closure. At the same time, the publishing firm left the door open for a community benefactor to take over the Advertiser, which they said they would be prepared to sell for a nominal amount. A spokesperson for the CN Group has now confirmed that the staff consultation has been extended by a week.	A 168-year-old south of Scotland newspaper which is earmarked for closure has been given a short reprieve.
England international Wilshere, 24, is ineligible for Sunday's Premier League game against his parent club. But Arter, who made his competitive Republic of Ireland debut earlier this month, is confident Bournemouth can raise their game without him. "With some hard work and a bit of luck, we can pick something up," he said. Arter labelled Arsenal the best side Bournemouth faced last season, but following a first Premier League away win of the season for the Cherries at Stoke on Saturday, the 26-year-old says confidence is high. "I think these kind of clubs [Arsenal] always have the pressure on them," he told BBC Radio Solent. "The fans will be expecting them to beat us. "If we can stay in the game and get a break, I'm sure it will get a bit nervy at their end and that's when we feel we can hurt them." Arter and Wilshere have struck up a partnership in Bournemouth's midfield since the latter's arrival on the south coast on a season-long loan to gain more game time and fitness. His presence on the pitch and the training ground has "lifted the standard" for others, according to the former Woking player. "He's an unbelievable player," Arter added. "He's probably one of England's most talented players, and one of our most talented players in the squad without a shadow of a doubt. "I can't pinpoint one thing I've learned from him. But his all-round game can take not just myself, but everyone on to the next level. "He's getting fitter and that can only be good for England and also ourselves."	Harry Arter believes Bournemouth will have no pressure on them when they face Arsenal, even without the services of on-loan midfielder Jack Wilshere.
Media playback is not supported on this device The eighth man to have claimed all four of the sport's Grand Slam titles has also done something that has (so far) proved beyond both Federer and Rafael Nadal. For the first time since man landed on the moon, the same player is the Wimbledon, US Open, Australian Open and now French Open champion. Rod Laver managed to win all four in the same year for the second time in his career in 1969, and Djokovic is now dominating the game like a man who has every intention of emulating him. "I don't want to sound arrogant, but I really think everything is achievable in life," he said, when asked about his chances of achieving the calendar Grand Slam. "That's still a possibility. But I don't think about it right now." In a BBC interview, Djokovic, who beat Britain's Andy Murray in four sets at Roland Garros, continued: "I'm privileged and honoured to be alongside Rod Laver. "I have probably experienced one of the most beautiful moments of my professional tennis career. I would say winning Wimbledon in 2011, victory in the [2010] Davis Cup and this moment are quite remarkable and unforgettable." Winning an Olympic gold medal for Serbia is also very high on Djokovic's list of priorities for the year, and if he can win the title in Rio, as well as at Wimbledon and the US Open, he will emulate Steffi Graf's 'Golden Slam' of 1988. The schedule, though, is gruelling. Wimbledon starts in three weeks' time, the Olympics follow on four weeks later, and then - after just a fortnight's rest - New York hosts the US Open. But if anyone can, Novak can. He has been in the past six Grand Slam finals, and won five of them. And clay is considered his weakest surface. Djokovic will now disappear from public view until he opens the defence of his Wimbledon title on Centre Court. There will be no warm-up events on grass for him. Part of his success has been the ability to know when to rest. A slightly rusty Djokovic is still more than a match over five sets for anyone who has the misfortune to be asked to play him in the first week of a Grand Slam. His fitness levels are beyond compare. It seems a very long time ago that Roger Federer was describing his injury record as a "joke" and Andy Roddick made fun of his long list of illnesses with flippant references to bird flu and SARS. Despite many attempts to find a solution, breathing problems had undermined the early years of Djokovic's career. It was only after being sick in the middle of his Australian Open quarter-final with Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in 2010, that he realised he needed a fresh approach. Test results showed he had a strong intolerance to wheat and dairy, as well as a mild sensitivity to tomatoes. So out went the wheat and out went the dairy, and his sugar intake was significantly reduced. Djokovic says he now struggles to catch even a common cold, and given his exceptional consistency, his case for a 'Golden Slam' is a persuasive one. With 12 Grand Slam titles to his name, Djokovic now sits in equal fourth place on the all-time list. He turned 29 on the opening day of the French Open and so appears to have plenty of time to catch Pete Sampras and Rafael Nadal on 14, and even Roger Federer on 17. Federer will be 35 in August, and has not won a Grand Slam for four years. His back injury appears to have cleared up in time for his favourite few months of the year, but the evidence of last year suggests that beating Djokovic over five sets is now a bridge too far. "At the beginning I was not glad to be part of their era," Djokovic admitted after his victory over Murray. "Later on I realised that in life everything happens for a reason. "You're put in this position with a purpose - a purpose to learn and to grow and to evolve."	Like Andre Agassi and Roger Federer, and Don Budge and Fred Perry before them, Novak Djokovic's moment of crowning glory came on the Philippe Chatrier court.
He's also one of the prime innovators in music videos, working with artists as diverse as The Rolling Stones, Duran Duran, Eric B & Rakim, Janet Jackson and David Bowie. But in 1977, his student film about a promising new Punk band remained unfinished. Now he's taken material shot with The Clash just before they became famous to create a documentary recalling the times which formed them. As it airs on BBC Four, he says he's been surprised at the similarities between the beginnings of punk and today's Britain. I was at the National Film School and I was already filming with the Sex Pistols.  The Clash weren't known at all outside a very small circle, but I thought they were an incredible band in the making. So Joe Strummer, Mick Jones and Paul Simonon agreed to talk to me and let me film rehearsals in Chalk Farm in London, where it was freezing.  Eventually, I filmed a gig at the Roxy club in Covent Garden, which disappeared long ago.  The gig was on New Year's Day 1977. With hindsight, the Roxy has taken on the aura of being vital to the early days of Punk, which may be an exaggeration.  It had been a cheesy gay disco called Shaggarama's and in fact the Punk crowd soon lost interest in it and moved on.  The Roxy got worse and worse and lasted about 100 days. I filmed other gigs too, such as at the Roxy cinema - a terrible old fleapit in Harlesden which happened to share the same name.  We also recorded, totally without permission, one Sunday evening at the National Film School studios at Beaconsfield.  But it's the Roxy club gig which is the centre of the film. Rotting away in my shed!  I can't really explain why it's taken so long to do anything with it.  I think this must be the last Punk artefact left. The material was on a clunky half-inch video format which probably nobody now would believe if they saw it.  You had to carry a big reel-to-reel recorder around and this box-like camera.  And you had to wind on tapes by hand.  It was right at the start of the video era and there's a sequence in the film where you see the band can't quite believe they're watching themselves back on TV because it's such new technology. The technology was incredibly basic: I was just working with my student grant.  We affectionately called the format "Glorious Bogroll Vision" but really it was murksville.  Today monochrome footage would be perfectly graded with high-contrast effects.  But the 1970s format has a dropout-ridden, glitchy feel which I enjoy now.  In fact, we cut in a couple of extra glitches we liked them so much. In fact at first they weren't keen on that - I think they thought being filmed wasn't a cool thing to do and they didn't want to explain their songs.  They got bored.  But it's interesting to see how Joe, Mick and Paul interacted.  In one sense it was sad working with all the material of Joe Strummer [who died in 2002] because Joe became a great and lasting friend.  But it's fascinating hearing him speak: Behind the street act you see there's a philosopher and a hugely thoughtful guy.  When he speaks he has an unexpected turn of phrase which later informed his songs.  There was none of the usual rock star excess and remoteness or paranoia with him. That the PA system was on the blink.  So the sound wasn't great but in film-making you grab chances as you can and the delays gave me time to do cutaway shots of the audience.  The Clash were struggling with the sound but probably they played about 10 numbers and we use most of that in the film. In fact, originally I wanted to call the new film On the Blink but not just because of the sound system.  It's what Britain felt like in 1977. A lot of the material we acquired from the BBC and ITN seems like it's from another world.  Some of it is so twee and old-fashioned it feels like it's the 1950s rather than the 1970s.  But it was important to have that stuff alongside the gig and the interviews: Clash fans are going to love the film but I wanted to grab other people too. Quite the opposite: I think it's about the future, not the past.  Punk is in some ways a challenge still to be met.  I think the energy of Punk is really needed now, though it'll have to raise its head in other ways. I don't think it can come now in rock and roll form - society has changed and young people experience so much online.  I think, like most change, that's partly good and partly bad.  The negative is that kids seem almost to have forgotten how to get together and do something of their own but they're still working with others. There are new bands making great music but things are compartmentalised into niches because of the internet.  From about 1976 the whole of Britain - and not just Britain - knew about Punk, whether they loved it or were appalled.  It wasn't something for the cognoscenti. There hasn't been a phenomenon like it since and looking back at this material I realised I was lucky to capture one of the key bands as it got going.  It was three months before the Clash's first album.  The basis of any real band is the personalities more than technical talent: The Clash had personalities which were conflicted and sympathetic at the same time. Punk was about originality and young people not parroting what was fed to them.  So it would be ironic if people saw this and just wanted to copy Joe and Mick and Paul.  But I see this as a challenge for kids: I want them to see it isn't impossible to get up and say something original to you. The fear of cuts and the fragility of the financial system isn't that different.  There are fears of immigration.  Some people feel marginalised in the same way.  So maybe there will be a huge outburst of energy, the way Punk was.  But I think an unexpected explosion is likely to come through the internet, not through rock and roll chords on a guitar.  We've done that. The Clash: New Year's Day 1977 will be screened on BBC Four on 1 January, 2015.	Director Julien Temple specialises in films on pop and rock music, most notably his dual Sex Pistols documentaries, The Great Rock'n'Roll Swindle and The Filth and the Fury.
Trenton Mays, 17, and Ma'lik Richmond, 16, are charged as juveniles in the incident in Steubenville after an alcohol-fuelled party on 11 August. Prosecutors said the accused had known the girl was too impaired to consent, but the defence denied she was raped. If convicted, the accused could be held in a juvenile jail until they turn 21. The case, which spread from social media to the national mainstream media, has sharply divided the small town. The alleged victim and two other witnesses from her home state of West Virginia are expected to be called to testify, a defence official said on the eve of the trial. On Wednesday, prosecutor Marianne Hemmeter told Judge Thomas Lipps, who is hearing the case without a jury, that the girl was "somebody who was too impaired to say no, somebody who was too impaired to say stop". "This case hinges on their exploitation of their knowledge of that impairment." She argued that the defendants were aware of the 16-year-old's state and took advantage of it throughout the evening of the alleged attack. A defence lawyer for Trenton Mays said his client "did not rape the young lady in question". Mr Richmond's lawyer made no opening statement. Mr Mays, the team quarterback, and Mr Richmond, a wide receiver, were arrested some 10 days after the alleged attack. Prosecutors say the girl was attacked twice after the party while intoxicated beyond the point of consent, first in the back seat of a moving car and then in the basement of a house. Witnesses said the girl was so drunk that she vomited at least twice and had trouble walking and speaking. In an excerpt of a videotaped interview with the ABC News programme 20/20, Mr Richmond said the photo of the girl being carried out of a house by him and his co-accused was a joke. He contends the girl was awake. But the alleged victim's civil lawyer, Bob Fitzsimmons, said those claims were "bizarre". "The family wants this matter over so they can move on with their lives and their daughter's healing," he told the Associated Press. Three other students who witnessed the alleged attack were not charged. Those witnesses include two who took a video and photograph, then deleted the images. The Ohio attorney general's office told lawyers for those students last autumn that if the images had been found, they would have been charged. The case, which has fiercely divided the town, was thrust into the national spotlight amid interest by bloggers and the hacker activist group Anonymous. A video originally posted on YouTube emerged in August of a student joking about the alleged rape and referring to the girl as "dead". Some claimed that the community had sought to cover up a crime in order protect the two accused. A blogger, Alexandra Goddard, received threats after she named the alleged attackers, posting messages on Twitter and an image taken on the night of the incident. Steubenville officials say outsiders have unfairly criticised the police's handling of the case. They have created a website, attempting to refute a number of allegations, including that the local police department was full of ex-football players who played on the Steubenville high school team.	Opening statements have been heard in the trial of two Ohio high-school footballers accused of raping a 16-year-old girl.
Media playback is not supported on this device Both teams had already qualified for the second round after starting with wins over Spain and Australia. Norwich City man Fer headed in with his first touch in the 77th minute, before Depay tapped home in stoppage time. Chile will now face Brazil in the last 16, with Louis van Gaal's side meeting Mexico. Media playback is not supported on this device Monday's meeting in Sao Paulo had failed to live up to expectations given the four previous games involving the two teams had seen 17 goals. The Dutch were missing the suspended Robin van Persie, while Chile rested midfielder Arturo Vidal and their absence was keenly felt as the game reached the interval with neither keeper having been forced into a save. Barcelona forward Alexis Sanchez looked most likely to force an opener for the South Americans with his clever movement and eye for a pass causing Van Gaal's backline concerns on a number of occasions. For the Netherlands, Arjen Robben went close to continuing his record of having scored in every match when another trademark long run ended with him dragging a low effort just wide. The first half's only other moments of note owed more to the two teams' physical approach, with the flow of the game interrupted by numerous niggling fouls. It took until the 65th minute for the first real save of the game, Jasper Cillessen forced to beat away Sanchez's effort at his near post. That sparked a response from the Dutch as Robben fired straight at Claudio Bravo in the Chile goal after a positive run at their defence. Depay then brought a good save from the keeper with a powerful shot from range. From the resultant corner the Oranje worked the ball back to Daryl Janmaat and his deep cross was met by the head of the unmarked Fer, who had been introduced just moments earlier. With Jorge Sampaoli's side needing a win to finish top of the group they pushed forward in search of an equaliser but were unable to fashion a clear chance and Depay wrapped up the win in the dying seconds when he converted Robben's low cross on the breakaway. Netherlands coach Louis van Gaal: "Of course I know that Leroy Fer can shoot from far out and can move forward on opponents. I know he is good with headers and that gives you an advantage against Chile. "We analyzed that Chile gives away more space in the last 15 minutes so if you field creative football players you have a chance to cash in. Memphis made a wonderful goal. "We are not giving much away and we are creating opportunities. This is being confirmed by the results. If it wasn't, then you'd chop of my head, I'm sure of it. "My players and my group, we want to score one goal more than the opponent." Chile coach Jorge Sampaoli: "I think that this was a match that we expected, with the Netherlands trying to use lots of people on the counter attack. "We looked for victory, we wanted to win and we couldn't find a solution to a team that only defended and only aspired to long-range shots, not even counterattacks. "This is a Chile that I am proud to be at the helm of, in spite of the fact that we didn't get a result. "They have their heads held high and they are getting ready for the round of 16." Match ends, Netherlands 2, Chile 0. Second Half ends, Netherlands 2, Chile 0. Goal!  Netherlands 2, Chile 0. Memphis Depay (Netherlands) right footed shot from very close range to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Arjen Robben following a fast break. Corner,  Chile. Conceded by Terence Kongolo. Attempt missed. Gary Medel (Chile) header from the centre of the box is high and wide to the left. Assisted by Gonzalo Jara with a cross following a corner. Substitution, Netherlands. Terence Kongolo replaces Dirk Kuyt because of an injury. Corner,  Chile. Conceded by Nigel de Jong. Corner,  Chile. Conceded by Leroy Fer. Delay over. They are ready to continue. Delay in match Dirk Kuyt (Netherlands) because of an injury. Corner,  Chile. Conceded by Dirk Kuyt. Offside, Chile. Mauricio Isla tries a through ball, but Jorge Valdívia is caught offside. Attempt blocked. Mauricio Isla (Chile) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Foul by Mauricio Isla (Chile). Memphis Depay (Netherlands) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Jorge Valdívia (Chile) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Leroy Fer (Netherlands). Mauricio Pinilla (Chile) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Nigel de Jong (Netherlands). Attempt missed. Marcelo Díaz (Chile) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Assisted by Mauricio Pinilla following a corner. Substitution, Chile. Mauricio Pinilla replaces Eduardo Vargas. Corner,  Chile. Conceded by Nigel de Jong. Corner,  Chile. Conceded by Daryl Janmaat. Goal!  Netherlands 1, Chile 0. Leroy Fer (Netherlands) header from the centre of the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Daryl Janmaat with a cross following a corner. Corner,  Netherlands. Conceded by Claudio Bravo. Attempt saved. Memphis Depay (Netherlands) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Assisted by Dirk Kuyt. Substitution, Netherlands. Leroy Fer replaces Wesley Sneijder. Attempt missed. Dirk Kuyt (Netherlands) header from the centre of the box misses to the left. Assisted by Arjen Robben with a cross following a corner. Corner,  Netherlands. Conceded by Eduardo Vargas. Foul by Gary Medel (Chile). Arjen Robben (Netherlands) wins a free kick on the left wing. Hand ball by Jean Beausejour (Chile). Offside, Netherlands. Memphis Depay tries a through ball, but Arjen Robben is caught offside. Substitution, Chile. Jorge Valdívia replaces Francisco Silva. Substitution, Netherlands. Memphis Depay replaces Jeremain Lens. Charles Aránguiz (Chile) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Nigel de Jong (Netherlands). Alexis Sánchez (Chile) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Nigel de Jong (Netherlands). Attempt saved. Arjen Robben (Netherlands) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Dirk Kuyt.	The Netherlands finished top of Group B after goals from Leroy Fer and Memphis Depay gave them a win over Chile in a tempestuous encounter in Sao Paulo.
Diagnosed with multiple sclerosis, Dave Phillips, 50, from Cwmbran, south Wales, had been signed off work sick. He was given early retirement from Tata Steel later that year, and was left depressed and feeling cut off from the world. So his wife Angie suggested he return to archery in 2013 and now he is in Rio to compete for Paralympics GB. He begins his bid for gold on Sunday. He competed in archery in his late teens, but had to stop because of work and family commitments. "I was ranked fifth in Britain, but I gave it up for 30 years," said Mr Phillips. "I was still working when the 2012 Olympics were taking place, but wasn't very well at that time, so I was ending my career. At 46 I retired. "I was suffering from a little bit of mild depression. I had lost all contacts on a day to day basis and Angie was still out of the house on a daily basis as she was in full-time employment. "In the end she suggested I try going back to archery. I did it because I wanted to be healthy, I didn't want to be in a wheelchair, and also for the social aspects." Mr Phillips managed to borrow some equipment from a friend he still knew from Llantarnam Archery Club in Cwmbran. But his return to the sport was almost stopped early on. "All the equipment was stolen from my car," said Mr Phillips. "My wife, Angie, worked with the police to catch the culprit who they found trying to sell the kit. "Thankfully, I got it back two days before my selection to shoot in the Czech Republic in 2013." Mr Phillips went on to win that competition. "If they hadn't recovered the equipment that would have ended my career as an archer, as I wouldn't have been able to replace the Â£2,000 worth of equipment that I had borrowed," he said. The former team leader, who fosters two teenage girls with his wife, was singled out for an intensive training programme by GB Archery. He spent three days a week at their base in Lilleshall, Shropshire, but in 2015 had to drop out because of his condition. "I couldn't commit to the programme any longer as they wanted me to be training in Shropshire every week, and my condition was fatiguing me," said Mr Phillips. "I would be there from Tuesday to Thursday and then wiped out for the rest of the week and weekend. "For me to be able to perform it was all about being able to manage my fatigue." Paralympic archer Pippa Britton, who trains at the same archery club, offered to help him. "Having Pippa helping me was great, being disabled herself and suffering from a similar kind of fatigue she understands what I need and might not need. "It was important to have someone with that understanding for me to move forward. Sometimes able-bodied people don't grasp what is going on with a condition like mine." He said: "Disability Sport Wales took me under their wing and gave me access to a psychologist and physiotherapist, and it led to my training being more athlete-led, which worked for me." "I am now really fit. I have lost a lot of weight and am feeling fantastic." With the extra support, Mr Phillips is now back on the GB Archery training programme and is also on a mixed team with fellow archer Tania Nadarajah. He is currently number one in the Welsh archery rankings. After winning European gold in 2014, he was bought equipment by charity the Fletchers Society, and was recently given a bespoke shooting stool by Disability Sports Wales. He said: "The stool could make the difference to me winning a gold medal or not. It is a bespoke stool which is a fantastic bit of kit." Having been selected for Paralympics GB in the recurve event, Mr Phillips is looking forward to competing in Rio. He said: "I have got a very good chance of medalling. I am ranked 10th in the Paralympic world rankings, but I just want to keep calm and enjoy it. "Being my first games the atmosphere will be intense. It has been a hell of a journey. "I never ever went back to archery to be this good, I came back for my health and well-being but it has taken me on a new road. "It is only thanks to the support of family and volunteers that I have made it to the archery field, as they do everything for me like carrying my kit and helping me physically get there."	Four years ago he was watching the Olympics from his couch.
The game in Stockholm is their only remaining chance of reaching next season's Champions League. Failure to qualify for Europe's flagship club competition for a second successive season would trigger a £21m penalty clause in their 10-year, £750m sponsorship deal with Adidas. United also expect to earn up to £30m more by being in the Champions League. The Old Trafford club's financial officer Cliff Baty said: "For us the bigger prize is Adidas and Champions League." The potential £21m loss of income from Adidas represents 30% of this season's anticipated £70m annual payment. It would be spread across the 10-year length of the contract, with £4.2m deducted immediately to cover the first two years of the deal, and £2.1m knocked off the payments for each remaining year. Baty said the winners of next week's game would get £6.5m, with the losers due £3.5m. Additional income from the Europa League market pool of between £7m and £8m has helped soften the financial impact of being in the tournament this season. United entered the competition as England's top-ranked team due to their FA Cup success last season. In addition, West Ham failed to get past the play-off round, Southampton were eliminated from the group stage and Tottenham were beaten in the last 32. The extra revenue is one of the major reasons why they raised overall projections for the year to between £560m and £570m when they announced third-quarter results, with profits of between £185m and £195m now anticipated. United's record profit is £191.9m. Baty said in a normal year, United would expect to generate between £40m and £50m in the Champions League compared to between £15m and £20m in the Europa League.	Manchester United will miss out on £50m if they fail to beat Ajax in the Europa League final on 24 May.
The monument, which has 47 paving stones bearing the names of those killed, was unveiled at the National Memorial Arboretum. About 1,000 people were at the memorial as a list of the dead was read out. The conflict began in 1990 and ended when Iraqi forces were driven from Kuwait in February 1991. A US-led coalition fought the Iraqi army during the war after Saddam Hussein's invasion of Kuwait was declared illegal by the UN. The new memorial, at the arboretum in Alrewas, Staffordshire, has three pillars to represent each of Britain's armed forces. Its centre stone carries the image of the reverse of the Gulf Medal engraved in black granite. The Â£70,000 memorial was commissioned, designed and built by The Gulf War Memorial Trust Appeal (GWMTA), a small committee comprising Gulf War Veterans and three family members of the 47 fallen. The money was raised through charity events and sponsorship, with Â£35,000 coming from the Kuwaiti government. Kerry Fuller, from GWMTA, who served in the conflict in the helicopter force, said veterans and families now have somewhere to go and remember their family and friends. He also said he was pleased with the friendships forged in Kuwait, as the memorial could not have been constructed without them.	A memorial remembering the British military personnel who died in the first Gulf War has been unveiled 25 years after the conflict ended.
Jordanian police want to question the guard and have sealed off the area, but Israel says he has diplomatic immunity. A second Jordanian hit by the gunfire died in hospital. Israel says he was inadvertently shot. It is one of the most serious incidents between the two countries since they signed a peace treaty in 1994. Israel's foreign ministry said one of the Jordanians stabbed the security officer from behind inside a residential building adjacent to the embassy where he had gone to install some furniture. The suspected attacker was named in local media as Mohammed Zakaria al-Jawawdeh, a 17-year-old carpenter. The second Jordanian, who later died, was the building's landlord. All three were taken to hospital and the guard is believed to have returned to the embassy compound following treatment. Jordanian authorities are investigating and have sealed off the area around the heavily protected embassy in the Rabiyeh neighbourhood, an affluent part of Jordan's capital. Unconfirmed reports in Israeli media say Jordan is not allowing the guard to leave the country and that Israel has confined embassy staff to the compound. Israel's foreign ministry said that under the 1961 Vienna Convention, the security guard has immunity from investigation and detention. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu spoke to Israel's ambassador to Jordan, Eynat Schlein, following the incident on Sunday night. Discussions are also under way between Israeli and Jordanian authorities to try to resolve the matter. The incident comes at a time of heightened tension in the region over a Jerusalem holy site, where Jordan has an historical role as custodian. On Friday, thousands of Jordanians protested in Amman against the installation by Israel of metal detectors outside the East Jerusalem site sacred to both Muslims and Jews. Jordan, which occupied East Jerusalem from 1949 to 1967, funds the upkeep of the site, which is known to Muslims as Haram al-Sharif and Jews as the Temple Mount, and runs the Waqf, the religious trust which administers the compound. Tensions between Israelis and Palestinians over the site have surged in recent days in response to the metal detectors, which were put in place following the killing nearby of two Israeli policemen. Security cameras have now also been installed at a gateway leading to the site.	Israel and Jordan are involved in a diplomatic standoff after an Israeli guard reportedly shot dead a Jordanian attacker near the embassy in Amman.
About 30 businesses took the council to court after it refused to let them trade within 250 metres of schools. The council said having the vans near schools ran counter to its promotion of healthier lifestyles for children. At Hamilton Sheriff Court, Sheriff Vincent Smith ruled the council did not have the power to impose this condition on the licences of the street traders. Sheriff Smith said: "That obesity among the general population and children especially is considered problematic is not in dispute. "That elected representatives wish to confront this problem and take steps to promote healthier lifestyles is to be commended. "Neither of these is the issue in this case. The issue is whether the defender, as a licensing authority, has the power to impose this particular condition upon the licences of street traders. In my judgement it does not." The business affected by the exclusion zone were represented by commercial law firm TLT. The firm's Stephen McGowan said: "I am aware that a number of other Scottish licensing authorities have similar policies which ban snack vans from being located next to schools. "So, it may be that these policies will be revisited following this judgement, but it is of course now open to the licensing authority to consider any appeal to the Court of Session." North Lanarkshire Council's learning and leisure services convener, councillor Jim Logue, said the authority was "very disappointed with the sheriff's decision". "Unfortunately, the primary legislation affecting the licensing of snack vans was enacted in 1982 and does not reflect current widespread concerns regarding health-related challenges from poor diet and lack of activity," he said. "Childhood obesity is a recognised problem, not just in North Lanarkshire but across Scotland and I believe we have a duty to look after our pupils health. "Our policy was about sending out a clear message that snack vans parked directly outside the school gates was unacceptable and also that this authority takes its responsibility to look after the health of our young people seriously." Councillor Logue added: "I'm now calling on the Scottish government to take action and examine what can be done to tackle this issue."	Burger van owners in North Lanarkshire have overturned an exclusion zone which banned them from locating near schools.
A manhunt was launched for Jed Allen, 21, after he was suspected of killing his half-sister Derrin Jordon, aged six, his mother Janet Jordon, 48, and her partner Philip Howard, 44. They were found stabbed to death in Vicarage Road, Didcot on Saturday. Allen's body was found in a wooded area of Oxford on Monday. It is yet to be formally identified, but police are satisfied it is that of Allen. Post-mortem examination results into the deaths of his half-sister, his mother and her partner are expected to be released on Wednesday. Dates have yet to be set for the opening of the inquests, the coroner's office confirmed. The search for Allen ended on Monday after a body was found off Marston Ferry Road in Oxford around 17:00 BST. Police confirmed the 21-year-old was their prime suspect after officers discovered the bodies of Ms Jordon, Mr Howard and Derrin at 20:20 BST on Saturday. More than 100 police, including specialist search officers, were deployed to search Oxford University Parks where Allen worked as a groundsman. Detectives believed he had arrived in Oxford by train from Didcot at 17:45 on Saturday. Police have reopened Vicarage Road, but a cordon remains in place around the crime scene where officers are expected to remain until Thursday.	The circumstances of a triple murder have become the focus of a police investigation after the body of the prime suspect was found.
South Cambridgeshire District Council's decision in 2014 to approve a new ground for Cambridge City FC had been the subject of a judicial review. The 3,000-capacity stadium can now be built on green belt land in Sawston, just south of Cambridge. Club chairman Kevin Satchell said he was "delighted" and the club could now move forward with its plans. The Southern Premier Division side sold off its Milton Road ground for development and is currently sharing a ground with St Ives Town FC. The judicial review was lodged in 2015 after the planning committee approved the proposal despite officers recommending its refusal. The council said the judge did not find it had breached "any common law duty to give reasons for granting the permission when it went against officer recommendation to refuse it". Lynda Harford, chairman of South Cambridgeshire District Council's planning committee, said: "The original planning application was considered on its merits following active local public consultation and debate." Mr Satchell said: "Hopefully we will soon be moving into a new home that we can all be proud of." Because the development is on green belt, the approval of the Department for Communities and Local Government had to be sought and was obtained. The plans include a floodlit grass pitch, full-sized training pitch and 500 spaces.	Plans to build a new stadium for a city football team are set to go ahead after they were backed by a High Court judge.
By next Tuesday, the OBR has to come up with forecasts of what will happen to the UK economy and the government finances over the next five years. The Act of Parliament that created the OBR said that its forecasts had to be based on government policies and "may not consider what the effect of any alternative policies would be". And here you see the problem facing the OBR in predicting what would happen to the economy and the public finances over the next five years. Government policy is to trigger Article 50 in March 2017, meaning the UK will leave the European Union in March 2019. The OBR is going to have to predict what will happen to the economy in 2019-20 and 2020-21 without knowing what sort of deal will be done with the EU, so it won't know whether the UK will be part of the single market or the customs union. The UK government does not officially have a policy on what outcome it would like or what the basis will be for its negotiations, beyond the ambition to get the best possible deal for the UK. The OBR's charter says: "If necessary, where a long-term policy has not yet been set by the government, the OBR will set out the assumptions it makes in its projections regarding policy transparently." So, we know the OBR will show its workings, which is good, but how does it choose its assumptions? There are endless arguments about what would be the best possible deal for the UK. There are those who argue that we would be better off outside the single market or that we should try to stay within the customs union, but I have yet to see anyone argue that it does not make any difference. So when the chairman of the OBR, Robert Chote, went to the Treasury and asked what government policy was, and hence on what basis he should prepare his forecasts, I wonder what he was told. If he was given the official line, then we can expect the OBR forecast to be based on the government's view of best possible deal, which will presumably involve remaining part of the single market while ending freedom of movement, stopping contributing to the EU Budget but still getting a rebate. And that's not going to be a very realistic forecast. The first three years of the forecast shouldn't be too difficult - we already have the Bank of England's forecasts for this period. But the final two years could be controversial. Some commentators, such as Paul Johnson who heads up the Institute for Fiscal Studies, suggested that there might be two forecasts for the last two years, one based on staying in the single market and one based on leaving it, but that may fall foul of the rules against considering alternative policies. Instead, there could be a single forecast that is the average of those two figures, but then the forecast would be unlikely to be accurate whichever way the negotiations went. So either the OBR's forecasts will give an insight into the government's aspirations for the coming negotiations that we have not yet seen, or the independent forecaster will have to come up with a forecast based on not knowing what government policy is, which would be odd. But there's another potential problem. Some members of the Cabinet, including the foreign secretary, have disputed the conclusion of the vast majority of economists (and the Treasury) that leaving the single market would be worse for the economy than staying in it. The charter of the OBR allows the government to disagree with the OBR's forecast as long as it explains why it has done so in Parliament. But that would be an extraordinary situation. So while there may be interesting details of the government's fiscal policy announced in the Autumn Statement, the most interesting part will be contained in what the OBR does or doesn't tell us about the government's plans for our future relationship with the EU.	You have to feel the Office for Budget Responsibility's pain.
Alun Davies defended the Welsh Government's £3m contribution to Yr Egin as an "important investment". The University of Wales Trinity St David had promised its development would not require public funding. Mr Davies said he did not know if it would create 600 jobs as claimed, but was "confident" of new opportunities. He told the Welsh Assembly's culture committee on Wednesday that he saw Yr Egin as an important investment, supporting the economy of west Wales and the Welsh language. There was an "important role" for the Welsh Government to invest where there was a failure in the market, he added, helping to create high-quality jobs in the medium of Welsh in an area such as Carmarthenshire. In March, university chiefs told the committee that the building - due to open in late spring 2018 - had not yet signed up any tenants other than S4C. Mr Davies added that S4C could do more to support skills development, in partnership with other broadcasters, trade bodies, unions and the new Creative Wales body being set up by the Welsh Government. Simon Thomas, Plaid Cymru Mid and West Wales AM, said: "I'm glad the Welsh Government supported this important development which will benefit not just the west Wales, but also the Welsh language media industry as it creates a number of high quality jobs."	A creative hub including new headquarters for S4C in Carmarthen will create high-quality jobs, the Welsh language minister has told AMs.
"I am Chelsea Manning," Pte First Class Manning said in a statement to NBC's Today programme. "I am a female." The 25-year-old said he had felt female since childhood, wanted at once to begin hormone therapy, and wished to be addressed as Chelsea. Pte Manning faces 35 years in prison for crimes including espionage. The soldier could be released on parole after at least seven years in jail, his civilian lawyer David Coombs has said. Mr Coombs has asked President Barack Obama to pardon Pte Manning, and has pledged to appeal against the verdict and sentence. How do people who change gender choose a name? Pte Manning will serve the sentence at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, and on Thursday, Mr Coombs indicated the soldier was willing to take legal action to force the prison to provide hormone therapy if authorities refused. He said Pte Manning had not indicated whether he wanted to undergo sex reassignment surgery. "The ultimate goal is to be comfortable in her skin and to be the person that she's never had an opportunity to be," he said. Asked why Pte Manning was making this announcement now, the day after sentencing, Mr Coombs said: "Chelsea didn't want to have this be something that overshadowed the case." Pte Manning's struggles with gender identity formed a key part of the defence through the weeks-long court martial. Defence witnesses, including therapists who had treated Pte Manning, testified that the soldier had spoken of wanting to transition to being a woman, suggesting that these problems had affected his mental health. Pte Manning's former Army supervisor testified that the accused had sent him a photograph of himself wearing a blond wig and lipstick. US military prosecutors, meanwhile, described Pte Manning as a notoriety-seeking traitor and asked for a 60-year sentence in order to deter future intelligence leakers. Pte Manning, who grew up in the US state of Oklahoma and in Wales, joined the Army in 2007 to help pay for university and, according to court martial defence testimony, to shake off a desire to become a woman. The soldier trained as an intelligence analyst and was deployed to Iraq in 2009. There, Pte Manning became disillusioned with the war and felt increasingly isolated from friends and family. In May of that year, Pte Manning initiated what subsequently became one of the largest leaks of classified US government documents ever - hundreds of thousands of diplomatic cables and battlefield reports from Afghanistan and Iraq.	Bradley Manning, the US soldier who leaked secret US government documents to the Wikileaks website, has announced he wants to live as a woman.
Striker Goodwillie, who has been on loan to Ross County, and goalkeeper Scott Brown have been released along with defender Michael Rose. Church, who scored six goals in 13 outings, and goalkeeper Adam Collin return to parent clubs Milton Keynes Dons and Rotherham United respectively. Midfielder Barry Robson already announced his retirement, aged 37. But Australian goalkeeper Aaron Lennox, who made his debut as Robson made his final appearance in Sunday's 4-0 defeat by Ross County, has signed a one-year contract to remain with the Dons. Manager Derek McInnes admitted after the game that he "would like to get more options in forward areas, another goalkeeper and another defender - and maybe one or two others" as he re-shapes his squad for next season. Goodwillie had left for Aberdeen's Premiership rivals in February to make way for the arrival of fellow 27-year-old Church. His Pittodrie exit is the latest setback in the career of Goodwillie, who commanded a fee of more than £2m when he was transferred to Blackburn Rovers from Dundee United in 2011. The Scot, who has won three caps for his country, failed to recapture his form in Dingwall, where he only started four times and had a further five appearances from the substitutes' bench, scoring once. Brown, who signed after leaving Cheltenham in 2014, has played 13 times since Danny Ward was recalled from his loan spell by Liverpool in January. He had found himself preferred to fellow 31-year-old Englishman Collin, who only played three times during his loan spell. The 20-year-old Rose played seven times on loan to Forfar Athletic in League One before lasting 45 minutes of his debut in a 3-0 defeat by St Johnstone in April. Meanwhile, four members of the under-20s squad have left the club - striker Kalvin Orsi and defenders Lukas Culjak, Sam Robertson and Liam Lambert.	On-loan Wales striker Simon Church and David Goodwillie are among six first-team players leaving Aberdeen.
At least 204 are believed to have been shot dead by militants during clashes with Iraqi security forces in the Shifa district last Thursday and Saturday. The UN said it had noted a "significant escalation" in such killings. There are also reports of between 50 and 80 civilians being killed in an air strike on the Zanjili area on 31 May. Pro-government forces launched an offensive to retake Mosul in October with the support of a US-led multinational coalition. They managed to take full control of the eastern half of Mosul in January and started an assault on the west the following month. Fewer than 1,000 militants are now besieged in IS-controlled parts of the Old City and several adjoining northern districts, along with some 100,000 civilians. The UN Human Rights office said it had documented IS "use of civilians as human shields and its slaughter of those attempting to flee" since the start of the operation, but that recent reports indicated "a significant escalation in such killings". On 26 May, militants reportedly shot at civilians trying to flee Shifa, killing 27 people, including 14 women and five children. Another 163 civilians were allegedly shot dead next to a Pepsi factory in the same district last Thursday. Their bodies were reportedly left on the street for days. And on Saturday, IS reportedly shot and killed at least 41 civilians as they attempted to flee Shifa towards Iraqi security forces locations. That day, Reuters news agency journalists saw the bodies of dozens of civilians lying along a road leading out of Zanjili. "Shooting children as they try to run to safety with their families - there are no words of condemnation strong enough for such despicable acts," UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Raad al-Hussein said. "I call on the Iraqi authorities to ensure that those who are responsible for these horrors are held accountable and brought to justice in line with international human rights laws and standards. The victims of such terrible crimes must not be forgotten." Mr Zeid also called on the Iraqi security forces and their coalition partners to ensure that their operations fully complied with international humanitarian law and that all possible measures were taken to avoid the loss of civilian lives. In March, a coalition air strike on a building in western Mosul killed more than 100 Iraqi civilians by inadvertently setting off a large amount of explosives that IS militants had placed there, a US military investigation concluded last month. The UN says at least 2,174 civilians have been killed and 1,516 injured across Nineveh province since the start of the Mosul offensive almost eight months ago. More than 800,000 people - about a third of the pre-war population of Mosul - have been displaced over the same period, including 633,000 from the west of the city.	The UN has received reports that 231 Iraqi civilians have been killed by so-called Islamic State while attempting to flee Mosul over the past two weeks.
Sandra Brown spent the money on spa treatments, a £700 television and paying parking tickets, a court heard. Brown, 64, of Shorton Road, Paignton, took control of clients' finances at the Manor Cottage care home. She admitted four counts of fraud and one of money laundering between 2007 and 2012 and was jailed for 28 months at Plymouth Crown Court. The court heard Brown took £25,661 from four elderly residents - two of whom have since died. The frauds were only uncovered when she was replaced as manager. Sentencing Brown on Tuesday, Judge Ian Lawrie QC said Brown had taken advantage of victims who were not only elderly but had mental health issues. He told her: "The vulnerable are entitled to the highest levels of care and probity from the people who are looking after them. "A message needs to be sent out to the broader world that the courts will not tolerate this behaviour."	A care home manager has been jailed for stealing more than £25,000 from elderly residents.
So China's globally renowned finance minister Lou Jiwei being replaced by the relatively unknown Xiao Jie, has caused quite a stir. Mr Lou was seen as one of the government's more outspoken and reformist figures. His replacement, Mr Xiao, is a long time bureaucrat from China's Ministry of Finance. The move comes as global concerns grow about China's economic slowdown. Beijing is trying to rebalance the economy, and drive growth through domestic consumption - with less reliance on the old pillars of the economy: manufacturing, exports and debt. But so far, as I've written about before, it doesn't seem to be working all that well. China's economy grew at an annual rate of 6.7% in each of the first three quarters of 2016 - the slowest rate in a quarter of a century. In fact China has increasingly had to depend on some of those old pillars to keep growth going. So why was Mr Lou replaced during these precarious times?  And what - if anything - does this move mean for the fortunes of China's economy? In the first instance, the move itself "introduces a level of uncertainty, which is never a good thing with respect to one of the most opaque economies in the world", says Vinesh Motwani of Silk Road Research. Mr Lou is a familiar face in the international investment community and was well-respected, so his departure will be viewed as a loss, he adds. But Xiao Jie is no rookie in this field either. Serving in China's finance and tax system for 29 years, he has stood out as a long-term advocate for tax reform. And according to Brian Jackson of IHS Global Insights, his taxation experience will be an asset when formulating and implementing a national property tax - something China wants by 2018. Mr Jackson adds that Mr Xiao's background suggests he should be able to continue pushing through fiscal policies of the last several years, and use his experience to implement new tax policies that will help put "China on a more sustainable fiscal revenue path". But the most colourful insight into the man catapulted into the high profile job comes from one of Beijing's local news agencies. Buried among the references to being "very hard-working", and having "lots of self-discipline",  a story about Mr Xiao's virtues has been making the rounds. Apparently he only smokes cheap cigarettes - the local brand Zhong Nan Hai - so that he can reject anyone trying to bribe him with a more expensive variety. It's a tale that should go down well amid the current anti-corruption drive that President Xi Jinping has been leading, So should this move be seen as a way to push out the vocal government critic, in favour of a more malleable and accommodating comrade? Or the physical manifestation of the power struggle between President Xi Jinping and Premier Li Keqiang? It's impossible to say for sure.  China's political decisions are rarely transparent and whether this was a move by President Xi Jinping to move someone into a position of power who shares his view of the economy, we'll probably never know. And there's an argument that as Mr Lou turns 66 next month, enforced retirement beckoned anyway. But what many China observers are saying is that President Xi is consolidating his power ahead of next year's party congress - and while he does that, his focus on reforming the economy may not be topmost on his mind.	When the world's second largest economy has a change of guard in one of its most important ministerial posts, people notice.
GPs across the UK are inviting 17 and 18-year-olds to come for a vaccine. First-time students under 25 are eligible too. There has been a steep rise in MenW cases since 2009 and experts say this group is particularly vulnerable. Meningitis W also has a higher death rate than other strains of the disease. Public Health England says it is important that anyone who plans to go to university this year gets vaccinated before they leave, because they will be mixing closely with lots of new people, some of whom may unknowingly be carrying the meningococcal bacteria. Health experts in Scotland and Wales are also urging school-leavers and freshers to make an appointment at their GP surgery this summer. The vaccination protects against meningitis and septicaemia caused by four meningoccocal strains - Men W, A, C and Y. Teenagers born between 1 September 1996 and 31 August 1997 will be sent an invitation by their GP to come and receive the vaccination. First-time university entrants this year aged between 19 and 24 should also contact their GP for the vaccination. Over the next two years, 14 to 17-year-olds will also be contacted to be offered the MenACWY vaccine. The Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation (JCVI) announced the vaccination programme in June because cases of MenW had increased from 22 cases in 2009 to 117 in 2014. A highly aggressive strain of meningococcal disease, group W, was found to be behind the rise. Case study: "I was very fortunate that I was assessed so quickly" Darren Kinahan-Goodwin, 43, was hospitalised with bacterial meningitis last month. "I would never have thought that I had meningitis, as I went to work in the morning feeling fine," he says. Darren, from Chesterfield, says he "had none of the classic meningitis symptoms" but as the day progressed, he "became increasingly confused". "Twelve hours later I didn't even know the names of those close to me," he says. "I was very fortunate that I was assessed so quickly at the A&E department at Chesterfield Royal Hospital, and treated with antivirals and antibiotics before any confirmation of infection was established." It took five days before it was established Darren's condition had been caused by streptococcal pneumonia, but his confusion began to clear the morning after he was admitted to hospital. "That shows how quick meningitis can occur but how it can often be treated effectively with rapid intervention," he adds. MenW is currently responsible for about one quarter of all laboratory-confirmed meningococcal cases in England. Dr Mary Ramsay, head of immunisation at Public Health England, said all eligible teenagers should take up the offer of the vaccination. "If you're planning to go to university or college, you should be vaccinated before the start of the academic term or before leaving home for university or college (ideally two weeks in advance). Please make an appointment with your GP as soon as possible when the vaccine is offered." Sue Davie, chief executive of Meningitis Now, said parents should ensure that their children get the MenACWY vaccination. "It is critical that young people are not complacent about the disease and they take the necessary steps to protect themselves, stay vigilant and seek urgent medical help if they suspect it." Chris Head, chief executive of the Meningitis Research Foundation, said he was delighted that the government had moved quickly to stop the rise of MenW. "The rise in MenW disease is particularly worrying as it causes more severe illness and a higher death rate than other strains. "We urge all who are eligible to make sure they get MenACWY vaccine."	Teenagers going to university and college this year are being offered protection against a deadly strain of meningitis, called MenW.
Abdul Hakim Belhaj alleges that former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw and MI6 were complicit in arranging his and his wife's rendition from China in 2004. The High Court had ruled the case could not be heard in the UK courts because it could damage foreign relationships. But appeal judges said the claims were so "grave" a court should hear them. Mr Belhaj, now a politician in Libya, said: "My wife and I are gratified by the judges' decision to give us our day in court," adding their alleged torture was "as fresh and as painful for us as if it happened yesterday". His lawyer Sapna Malik said it was "very significant step forward" to the case being heard in England. Mr Straw, who has previously denied being aware of the rendition, and the government, have been given leave to appeal to the Supreme Court. The Foreign Office said it was considering whether to make an application. The case would not be heard until after any appeal. Dominic Casciani, BBC home affairs correspondent This judgement is a major blow for the government. The three judges have demanded that a light be shone into dark corners of the state's work - and not for the first time. Time and again the Court of Appeal has said allegations of wrongdoing, linked to security and intelligence, must be examined if the rule of law is to be upheld. The key factors in this decision are clear: The judges say that international law and practice demands that alleged human rights abuses be examined. They say that it becomes even more important to do so given that claims are made against serving or former British officials. Another reason they give is that unless an English court looks at the claims, the truth may never come out - and that is a denial of justice for both sides. And most embarrassingly for ministers - they brush aside claims that allowing Mr Belhaj to sue would damage international relations. Rendition involves sending a person from one country to another for imprisonment and interrogation, possibly by methods such as torture, that would be illegal in the country doing the rendering. Mr Belhaj, former leader of an Islamist group which fought the regime of Colonel Muammar Gaddafi, claims British intelligence provided information that facilitated his rendition, along with his pregnant wife Fatima Boudchar. Last year, Mr Justice Simon ruled at the High Court that the case against Mr Straw and Sir Mark Allen, ex-head of counter-terrorism at MI6, should be thrown out. The government had argued an English court could not adjudicate on claims of rendition and torture in Libya, even though UK officials allegedly knew about them. The judge said that because most of the claims related to officials in China, Malaysia, Thailand and Libya they were "non-justiciable" in the UK. But on Thursday, appeal court judges said the proceedings were not barred by state immunity. One of the judges, Lord Dyson, said: "There is a compelling public interest in the investigation by the English courts of these very grave allegations. "The stark reality is that unless the English courts are able to exercise jurisdiction in this case, these very grave allegations against the executive will never be subjected to judicial investigation." Mr Belhaj was jailed for six years after he returned to Libya. Mrs Boudchar was also imprisoned, but released shortly before giving birth. The couple have refused so far failed to reach a settlement with the UK government, saying they want it to admit what they say happened. In March last year, Mr Belhaj offered to settle the case with a token payment of Â£1 from Mr Straw and the government, an apology and an admission of liability - but this was rejected. Cori Crider, a director at human rights charity Reprieve, which also represents the family, said: "The government so fears this case going to trial that they have stalled for years by throwing up a parade of scarecrows - claiming, for example, that the United States would be angered if Mr and Mrs Belhaj had their day in court in Britain. "The court was right: embarrassment is no reason to throw torture victims out of court." A statement issued by human rights organisations Amnesty International and the International Commission of Jurists, Justice and Redress said: "We welcome the decision of the Court of Appeal which now enables the very serious contention that UK authorities and officials were directly implicated in the 'extraordinary rendition' of the claimants to be properly assessed by courts in the UK."	A Libyan man can sue the UK government over claims he was illegally sent back to Libya and tortured, the Court of Appeal has ruled.
The second stage of the Human Transplantation Bill was passed in the Northern Ireland Assembly on Monday. It would introduce a so-called soft "opt-out" system. But Health Minister Simon Hamilton said transplant surgeons had written to him urging caution about any law change. The proposed legislation would mean consent to take organs would be presumed unless someone had taken action to remove themselves from the register. Additional safeguards would also mean that a "qualifying person", a friend or relative, for example, would have to affirm that the deceased person would not have objected. The bill will now be referred to the assembly's health committee, and will face several more stages before it could become law. Surgeons said that in countries where opt-out was enforced, higher organ donation rates were down to public awareness rather than legislation. In their letter, Belfast Health Trust surgeons said that per head of population the number of living kidney donors in Northern Ireland was more than twice the UK average. They said that was down to the generosity of people in Northern Ireland and the public attitude towards transplantation. "While fully supportive of the principle of increasing the number of deceased donor organs available to provide life-saving transplantation, we are cautious about any change which, although well-meaning, may potentially have a detrimental impact on the public's willingness to donate," they wrote. The surgeons suggested waiting to see the impact of recent promotion campaigns and changes to legislation in other devolved regions. "Deferring any change would allow firstly for re-evaluation of the impact of the Public Health Agency's public education campaign, and secondly assessment of the impact of a similar change made by the Welsh assembly which will take effect on 1 December 2015."	Senior surgeons have warned that attempts to introduce a system where people are automatically placed on the organ donor register could reduce public willingness to donate.
It is the third time that the 22-year-old, who was released by Yeovil at the end of last season, has signed for the Shrimpers after two spells in 2014. "The short-term deal we've put him on will hopefully keep him focused on the field of play so we get the Jakub of old," boss Phil Brown said. "If we get the Jakub of old, he's one of the best in the league." Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.	Southend United have signed former Yeovil Town centre-back Jakub Sokolik on a five-month contract.
Successful applicants will be granted one of 100 new licences to perform at designated locations on the network. Only soloists and duos will be allowed to audition to access the 1,800 bookable slots each week shared by the current crop of 250 buskers. "Busking has become an essential part of London Underground's identity," said LU managing director Mark Wild. Ed Sheeran, Bob Geldof and Jessie J are among the stars who have previously busked on the Tube. Musicians are being asked to apply online by 13 August. Shortlisted applicants will then audition in front of a panel of music experts and operations directors at Transport for London (TfL) at a range of busking hotspots and music venues around the capital. Deputy mayor for culture and the creative industries Justine Simons said: "London is a world leader for culture. "Around every corner there is a cultural gem bringing our city to life, and nowhere is this more apparent than with the atmosphere buskers create on the Underground." Mr Wild added: "This new wave of auditions will bring in a range of musicians who will continue the strong tradition of entertaining our customers with a high standard of music."	Auditions to busk at London Underground (LU) stations are being held for the first time in two years.
The bodies of a German and a Nepalese guide have been recovered from the slopes of Mount Manaslu, police say. A further seven bodies have been sighted by rescue pilots. Spanish foreign ministry officials say one of the dead is a Spanish national. The avalanche struck a base camp near the summit on Saturday, police said. It is thought at least three other climbers are missing in the avalanche, but officials are trying to determine exactly how many people were in the climbing party. At least five climbers were said by police officials to have survived and been rescued and flown to hospitals by rescue helicopters. Four of the dead and three of the missing were French, the vice-president of the French mountain guides' union Christian Trommsdorff told the AFP news agency. Two of those rescued were also French nationals, according to Mr Trommsdorff. Deteriorating weather conditions meant it was impossible to continue air searches of the mountain on Sunday, police official Basanta Bahadur Kuwar told the Associated Press. In pictures: Manaslu avalanche The climbers were caught at 7,000m (22,960ft) as they were preparing to head toward the summit, which is 8,156m high. "The avalanche hit camp three of the Manaslu peak... resulting in a flood of snow," said Laxmi Dhakal, head of the Nepalese home ministry's disaster response division. Hundreds of foreign climbers head every year for the Himalayas in Nepal, which has eight of the world's 14 highest mountains, including Mount Everest. Manaslu, the eighth highest mountain in the world, is considered one of the most dangerous, with dozens of deaths in recent years. The autumn climbing season began this month.	At least nine people have been killed and several are missing in Nepal after an avalanche hit climbers and guides at a camp on a Himalayan peak.
A plane carrying a banner reading: 'Kenwright & Co #time to go NSNO,' flew over St Mary's Stadium during Everton's 3-0 win at Southampton on Saturday. "I just heard about it," Martinez said afterwards. "I never saw it. "We need to be together, help each other and push in the same direction because that makes a difference." The Toffees supporters who organised the protest are from newly formed group '@EvertonBoardOUT', plus 'The Blue Union' and fan website 'School of Science'. They are unhappy with the level of the investment in the team and the direction of the club under the current regime. The slogan 'NSNO' on the plane's banner refers to the club's Latin motto of 'Nil satis nisi optimum' which translates to mean 'Nothing but the best is good enough'. School of Science editor Joe Jennings told the Daily Mirror on Friday: "The time has come for Bill Kenwright to accept that his performance as chairman has been unacceptable and to let go of the club." But Martinez gave his backing to Kenwright, who has been on the club's board since 1989 and chairman since 1999. After seeing his side see off Saints with an impressive away performance, Martinez added: "I will never shy away: we are a big club, we've got a big history and an incredible expectation. "But as a manager and as football players we understand that, we embrace those expectations and the way to get everyone excited and happy is performing in the manner we did on the pitch. "The chairman is an incredible Evertonian, who has done a fantastic job over the years. Only he knows the effort he had to put in for the football club."	Everton manager Roberto Martinez says the club needs unity after fans staged a fly-past protest against chairman Bill Kenwright and the Toffees board.
A Greater Anglia service from London Liverpool Street to Norwich on 23 January travelled off the rails for 40m (131ft) when leaving London. The Rail Accident Investigation Branch (RAIB) found track inspections had not accounted for the risk of derailment on a tight curve at Liverpool Street. Network Rail said it had "already started to address the issues raised". The investigation revealed passengers had reported dust falling from the ceiling to the train's senior conductor. The driver was asked to examine the train because of these reports, and because a signaller reported problems with a set of points used by the train when leaving Liverpool Street. However, he "saw nothing unusual" when he stopped to look at Shenfield, the report said. The train continued on to Norwich, travelling at normal speeds of up to 100mph (161kmph). It was only when the train was examined by a specialist inspector in Norwich that the wheel damage came to light. A signal maintenance team had also found track damage close to Liverpool Street station by that time. Trains had to use alternative routes in and out of Liverpool Street station while the damage was repaired. The RAIB report made three safety recommendations relating to inspections and staff training to prevent a similar incident from happening again. A Network Rail spokesperson said: "We have the safest major railway in Europe and incidents such as these are incredibly rare. "[We] will carefully consider their recommendations and take any necessary further action."	A driver did not realise his train had derailed despite passengers reporting a "rough ride", an investigation found.
Bwalya was voted Africa's top footballer in 1988 and then become president of Zambia's FA before he was unseated in last year's elections. He said he was pulling out to concentrate on winning re-election to the African governing body's executive committee. Elections for African places on the new-look Fifa Council will be held at the Confederation of African Football (Caf) Congress in Addis Ababa on 16 March, at the same time as the Caf executive committee vote. Bwalya was initially standing for places on both bodies but told reporters: "I have decided to withdraw from the race, to concentrate on retaining my ex-co position." Bwalya was one of three candidates for the place on the Fifa Council reserved for a representative from Africa's Anglophone countries. His withdrawal leaves a straight fight between Ghana Football Association president Kwesi Nyantakyi and Leodegar Tenga of Tanzania. Africa has seven places on the Fifa Council, which has been renamed and expanded since Gianni Infantino came to power one year ago. One place is automatically reserved for the Caf president and another for a female representative. The other five places will be decided in Ethiopia on 16 March.	Zambia's former African Footballer of the Year, Kalusha Bwalya, has withdrawn from the race for a place on the Fifa Council - less than two weeks before the elections for African representatives.
A group of friends were posing for photos with the loaded weapon at the Park Inn Motel in Melbourne's north. Albert Rapovski, 20, aimed the firearm at his friend Mahamd Hassan, who held up his phone to take a photo. The trainee roof plumber was killed when Rapovski fired the 12-gauge shotgun into his face. According to court documents, Rapovski cried "I shot, Mo, I shot Mo," before fleeing the budget motel on March 5. Earlier in the night, friends had encouraged him to unload the weapon as they knew he did not have a good understanding of how to operate the gun - which he wasn't licensed to carry. The motel owner discovered Hassan's body alone in the room. The following day, Rapovski was intercepted by customs officers at Melbourne Airport attempting to fly to Macedonia. He had told a travel agent friend he needed to urgently visit his sick grandmother. After originally being charged with murder, Rapovski pleaded guilty to the manslaughter in Melbourne Magistrates Court. He has been remanded in custody to appear for a plea hearing at a later date.	An Australian man who fatally shot his friend with a sawn-off shotgun as they posed for a photograph in a motel room has pleaded guilty to manslaughter.
The announcement comes one day before BA staff finish their most recent strike action. Action by BA cabin crew earlier this year resulted in the cancellation of some flights. But BA said it had flown all customers to their destinations during previous strikes and it would do this again. Unite said BA was paying "poverty" rates and asked for talks at the conciliation service, Acas. The strike, by 2,900 members of Unite, is in pursuit of higher pay for members of the so-called "mixed fleet". Unite says that since 2010, all new British Airways cabin crew employees join what is called "'mixed fleet", where despite promises that pay would be 10% above the market rate, basic pay starts at just £12,192 with £3 an hour flying pay. Unite estimates that, on average, mixed fleet cabin crew earn £16,000 a year, including allowances. BA has disputed these figures and says that annual pay is above £21,000 a year. A pay rise of 2% in the first year, and 2.5% in years two and three, was rejected firmly by Unite members after it was tabled shortly before Christmas. The union said that the increase would have left staff only £20 a month better off after tax. A BA spokesman said: "Our pay offer for mixed fleet crew is consistent with the deal accepted by 92% of colleagues across the airline, most of whom are represented by Unite. "It also reflects pay awards given by other companies in the UK and will ensure that rewards for mixed fleet remain in line with those for cabin crew at our airline competitors." Unite has criticised BA for chartering aircraft to cover for striking cabin crew rather than resolving the problem. Unite national officer, Oliver Richardson, said: "British Airways should focus on addressing poverty pay in its mixed fleet, rather than continuing to waste hundreds of thousands of pounds on chartering in aircraft to cover striking workers. BA created the mixed fleet of cabin staff in the wake of a bitter and long-running dispute over pay and conditions for all cabin staff that ran from 2009 to 2011. They fly only out of Heathrow, and on both short-haul and long-haul routes, but not in the same planes as colleagues on the legacy conditions of employment.	British Airways cabin crew will stage a fresh four-day strike from 17 February in their dispute over pay, the Unite union has said.
It could mean the potential merger between the company and the German steel producer, ThyssenKrupp is more likely to move forward. The Â£15bn British Steel Pension Scheme (BSPS) has been a significant barrier to any agreement. Tata has been in negotiations with pension regulators and trustees of the scheme. A deal was done between unions and the company that would see reduced benefits for current employees, but the decision would affect all members of the pension scheme including those already retired. Other similar pension agreements have seen the companies involved pay money into the fund as well as giving a stake in the ongoing business to the new pension providers. About 6,250 people are employed by Tata Steel across Wales, including 3,500 in Port Talbot. Tata Steel UK has offered to pay Â£550m into its now-closed pension scheme and give the fund a 33% stake in its UK business. It means Tata would no longer have any responsibility for the pension scheme. This pension arrangement is only available to companies that would not be able to continue trading without the change. Who are ThyssenKrupp? Nearly three quarters of union members backed the new pensions deal earlier this year. A Tata Steel spokesman said parties involved in pensions talks were in "positive discussions and we are hopeful of reaching a final agreement shortly". The pensions regulator refused to be drawn on any speculation. It said progress was being made and an official announcement would be made in due course. A spokesperson for the steel trade unions said: "If accurate, we welcome this development which will lead to certainty for scheme members following a year of unprecedented turmoil. "Our members will now expect the trustees to provide all the information necessary to enable them to make the right decision for them and their families." Pensions expert Stuart Price, partner with Quantum Advisory, said a deal has been done with a new pension scheme being set up, with better benefits than a "worse case scenario" of members relying on the safety net of the pension protection fund (PPF). "Tata Steel will continue to sponsor the scheme and will stand behind it and pay in more money if needed to keep the scheme well funded," he said. "Going forward, members will be worse off than if the British Steel pension scheme had stayed in place but it's better than the alternative with the PPF."	An announcement is expected within days that would see Tata separate its UK pension scheme from the businesses.
But the Scottish Social Attitudes survey also suggested the popularity of the European Union had fallen. The researchers said this suggested focusing on EU membership may not be the best way to swing more voters towards independence. The survey has asked the same question about how Scotland should be governed every year since 1999. It was carried out by ScotCen Social Research and has been published two days after First Minister Nicola Sturgeon confirmed she wants to ask the UK government for permission to hold a second referendum on Scottish independence. Ms Sturgeon says the Brexit vote has left Scotland at a crossroads, with an independence referendum needed to allow the country to choose which path to take. But pro-UK opposition parties argue that another referendum will cause further division and uncertainty, and is not wanted by the majority of people. The survey comes as two polls look at the Scottish independence question. ScotCen Social Research author Prof John Curtice said you should not look at his survey and the latest polling commissioned by newspapers. He explained: "The Scottish Social Attitudes Survey is not a short term opinion poll. This was a survey that was done for the whole of the last six months of last year and it is not about trying to measure the short term variation in the weather, which the two polls out this morning try to do, but rather to look at the long term change in the climate." A key suggestion in the ScotCen survey was that the September 2014 referendum had left a "legacy of dramatically increased support" for independence. And it said the pro-independence movement looked certain to enter a second referendum campaign in a much stronger position than it had enjoyed ahead of the first referendum. Asked to choose between independence, devolution and not having any kind of Scottish Parliament at all, 46% of the 1,237 people surveyed between July and December of last year now backed independence. This is a higher level of support for independence than at any time since 1999 and double the level registered by ScotCen in 2012, when the last independence referendum campaign initially got under way. The Social Attitudes Survey suggested the increase in support for independence in recent years has been most marked among younger people. As a result, there is now a very large age gap in support for independence, with 72% of 16-24 year olds wanting to leave the UK compared with just 26% of people aged 65 and over. Independence is now the single most popular constitutional option, with 42% supporting devolution, while only 8% of those surveyed do not want any kind of Scottish Parliament at all. However, even although Scotland voted to remain in the EU by 62% to 38% in last year's referendum, the survey suggested scepticism about the institution is now at the highest level ever recorded by ScotCen. This scepticism is even common among those who voted last year to remain in the EU, the report concluded, with a majority (56%) of all Remain voters believing the EU should have fewer powers. Those who currently back independence are also divided in their views about Brexit, with a third voting to leave the EU in last year's referendum. Their support could be at risk if independence is linked firmly to EU membership, the report's author Prof John Curtice said. Prof Curtice said the pro-independence campaign had never been stronger electorally in Scotland. He added: "From its perspective, the outcome of the EU referendum appeared to be a perfect illustration of their argument that for so long as it stays in the UK, Scotland is always at risk of having its 'democratic will' overturned by England. "However, the commitment to the EU of many of those who voted to Remain does not appear to be strong enough that they are likely to be persuaded by the outcome of the EU referendum to change their preference for staying in the UK. "Meanwhile, there is a risk that linking independence closely to the idea of staying in the EU could alienate some of those who currently back leaving the UK. "Nicola Sturgeon might have been wiser to have stayed her hand, for on current trends there is a real possibility that demographic change will help produce a majority for independence in the not too distant future anyway." The pro-independence SNP and Scottish Greens welcomed the survey's findings, with SNP MSP Bruce Crawford arguing it was "no surprise" that more people now apparently backed independence given the "systematic unpicking" of promises made after the 2014 referendum by the UK government. Scottish Greens MSP Ross Greer said voters in Scotland deserves a choice between being "trapped in the angry, isolated Britain planned by the Tories" and "putting our future in our own hands". But Adam Tomkins of the Scottish Conservatives said the report showed there was already "significant division" in Scotland over the constitutional question, and that another referendum would only make that worse. And Scottish Labour MP Ian Murray said Scotland "must not be divided again by the SNP's obsession for a second independence referendum".	Support for Scottish independence has reached its highest-ever level in an annual academic study.
According to a summary of a statement published on a Basque newspaper website, the group wants to negotiate a "definitive end" to its operations. Eta has fought a 45-year campaign for Basque independence, but has lost support in recent years. Last year it announced an end to its campaign of violence. The new statement suggests the organisation wants to go a step further by disbanding completely and turning in its weapons. The full statement is due to be published on Sunday. The summary published on the website of the Basque newspaper Gara suggests Eta is ready for talks, but will attach conditions to disbanding. They include the transfer of Basque prisoners to prisons closer to their homes - a long-standing Eta demand. The Basque country straddles the border between Spain and France. Eta is believed to be responsible for more than 800 deaths, and is considered a terrorist organisation by the European Union and the US. It has been weakened in recent years by a loss of support among Basque people, and a number of arrests, including that of the group's alleged military leader in October. Eta's decision came on the eve of elections in the Spanish region of Catalonia, in which Catalan nationalists calling for a referendum on independence are expected to do well.	The Basque separatist group Eta has said it is ready to disband, give up its weapons and enter talks with the French and Spanish governments.
Alexander Gruzdev, head of Wrangel Island's nature reserve, told the BBC the cub was unable to move the can for two weeks and was becoming stressed. It is believed that the jagged edges of the can got wedged in the cub's mouth. The can was removed after rangers shot the bear with tranquilisers. The bear was spotted by them earlier in the autumn with the condensed milk can in its mouth as it was following its mother who was scavenging for food on the remote island, The Siberian Times reported last week. The rangers tranquilised both the cub and its mother before carefully removing the can from the yearling's tongue with the minimum of bleeding. "Happily, it all ended well and I hope there will be no similar situations in the future," Mr Gruzdev told the BBC. "But the case highlights the risk to wild animals from man's garbage." Mr Gruzdev said that there have been several other cases of human litter affecting the island's wildlife. "Animals can eat plastic bags in which food has been stored," he said. "We have even had a case of a fox thrusting its head into a bottle bank and being unable to free itself. "We have to constantly remind people about the best ways of disposing of their rubbish." Mr Gruzdev said the offending can was discarded by a group of workers who ironically were tasked with clearing debris on the island - some of it dating from from Soviet times. "The workers used a barrel as a trash bin," he said.  "They gathered everything left from their camp, including empty cans, so later this could be collected and taken away along with other garbage they had collected. "The bear cub found this barrel before it was taken away. It was unfortunate  - the cub's mouth got stuck in the can, probably with its tongue, while trying to lick the inside." The rangers say no lasting damage was done to the cub. and efforts are continuing to remove tons of rubbish that could harm polar bears and other wild animals.	The senior wildlife officer of a remote Russian island has called on people to be careful when discarding litter after the emergence of photos of a polar bear cub with a tin can stuck in its mouth.
The outcome was close, with just 56.61% of people voting against change, but it is a personal blow for pro-change Prime Minister John Key. Here's how the debate unfurled, from Laser Kiwi to Red Peak to Silver Fern. This is New Zealand's flag, which has fluttered from flagpoles across the nation since the 1800s and was officially adopted in 1902. The royal blue is meant to represent the sea and the sky, while the four stars are the Southern Cross, representing New Zealand's place in the Southern Ocean. In the top left corner is the Union Flag, a legacy of New Zealand's identity as a British protectorate. That was problem number one: New Zealand has been fully independent since 1947 and for many people, including the prime minister, the Union Flag is a constant unwelcome reminder of the colonial era. And here's problem number two: That's the Australian flag, almost identical except for the Commonwealth or Federation Star in the bottom left and an additional star in the, now white, Southern Cross. Mr Key said this was "terribly confusing" for the rest of the world, and that he'd seen news broadcasts which placed him in front of the wrong flag. When Mr Key's National party was elected in 2014, he promised to put the issue to the people. It was, said Mr Key, the "right time for New Zealanders to consider changing the design to one that better reflects our status as a modern, independent nation". It began in May 2015, when the official Flag Consideration Project panel invited absolutely anyone to suggest a design for a new flag. A total of 10,292 had a go, and it's fair to say not all took the task entirely seriously, to the delight of commentators around the world. Though some of the ideas, like Laser Kiwi, have arguably since become icons of the country anyway. On both sides of the debate, strong feelings began to emerge. Former prime minister Jenny Shipley was quoted as saying she was "horrified to think that people would allow a colonial symbol to be part of the shadow that flies over us". But military veterans said abandoning the flag soldiers had died under disrespected their sacrifice. "So much has happened under our flag that has made us the nation we are today," said David Moger, of the Royal New Zealand Returned and Services Association (RSA). He told the BBC that reassurances to veterans they could still use the existing flag if they wanted were "a poor attempt to sideline" them. The Flag Consideration Panel announced a long list of 40 in August 2015. The list dropped to 39 shortly after when one was removed for copyright reasons. It was a fairly predictable selection of Maori symbols, silver ferns and Southern Crosses. Just one made a reference to the Union Jack. A few weeks later, the Flag Consideration Panel unveiled it four finalists. Three silver ferns and one koru Maori symbol. All male designers, two of them the same man. New Zealanders were by and large uninspired. The creative mind behind Laser Kiwi, incidentally, found them "a tad disappointing". "I think these people actually take their artwork seriously." But a rebellion was brewing. Across the land, New Zealanders were throwing their support behind an outsider - Red Peak by Wellington-based Aaron Dustin. Through the power of social media, some slick lobbying from Mr Dustin himself and perhaps a degree of trouble-making spirit, a petition for Red Peak to be added as a fifth finalist gobbled up signatures. Signatories called it drawable, appropriately symbolic, and with the colours and shapes to represent the nation. At first, Mr Key stood firm and defended the "well set-out process" of the judging panel. But 52,000 signatures were too many to ignore. After a heated late-night debate, in which one MP compared Red Peak to a Nazi sentry box, parliament performed a dramatic U-turn and pushed through legislation to change the Flag Referendums Act to allow Red Peak to join the final stretch of the race. Stage one of the referendum, which ran from mid-November to mid-December 2015 asked New Zealanders which of the five designs they'd want IF the flag were to change. About 1.5 million people sent in a postal ballot, just under half of registered voters and a better turnout than some had predicted. And with just over 50% of the vote, this was the winner. Designer Kyle Lockwood, who'd had two designs in the final and had the prime minister's backing, said he was "speechless", but that as Silver Fern had both red on it and the Southern Cross "we've got the best of both worlds really". The flag was put in place across the country so people could get a feel for it. One feng shui master, however, told the New Zealand Herald the colours represented mourning and its bad energy could cause a stock market crash. Another month-long postal ballot opened in March - after unexpected encouragement came from sitcom The Big Bang Theory telling the "crazy Kiwis" that "we're rooting for you". This time, the ballot papers asked whether Silver Fern should officially become the new symbol of New Zealand. More than two million ballots were sent in and from fairly early on it appeared the status quo was leading the way. One telephone survey in late March, however, found 59% of people condemned the whole NZ$23m ($17.4m; Â£12.3m) process as "a distraction and a waste of money". The result on 24 March was close: 1,200,003 for no change, 915,008 for change. Mr Key took it on the chin, calling on New Zealanders to "embrace" their flag. So is that it? Officially yes, the Union Jack-bedecked flag will continue to fly above Aotearoa. But there will be plenty who say the current flag was just the least bad of the two options. Lewis Holden, chairman of Change the NZ Flag campaign group, told the BBC earlier this week there was still "a large sentiment for change". "But the questions remain on what to change to. We'll keep campaigning, we have thousands of followers on FB, and strong support base and strong sentiment, but simply the issues have got in the way of the process." And of course it remains to be seen whether rebellious New Zealanders may yet be pinning a Laser Kiwi to their lapels. Additional reporting by Tessa Wong	The results are in, New Zealanders have spoken - and they do not want a new flag.
The Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) said that Mr Osborne's pledge to run a budget surplus "in normal times" from 2019-20 was simple but would require a "precarious balancing act". The result could be "big tax rises or spending cuts with very little notice", the IFS concluded. The next Budget is on 16 March. The IFS publishes its annual Green Budget document ahead of the actual Budget every year, highlighting economic conditions and the challenges facing the chancellor. The independent economic think tank has concluded that Mr Osborne's target of a balancing the UK's books by 2019-20 was inflexible, and could have tax and spending implications were he to receive "unfavourable" economic and fiscal forecasts. The UK had only run a surplus eight times in the last 60 years, the IFS pointed out. "The rule has the merit of simplicity and transparency but is very inflexible and this could come at a cost," the IFS said. "Even if the chancellor gets to the March 2019 Budget with his plans intact, past errors in official forecasts suggest that there would be more than a one-in-four chance that he would need to implement in-year tax rises or spending cuts to deliver a budget surplus in 2019-20." Mr Osborne knows that he can set as many fiscal mandates as he likes, the public are unlikely to notice. What they are likely to notice is whether the economic growth they so regularly hear trumpeted by the chancellor is actually making a difference to their lives. And this is where another part of the Institute for Fiscal Studies' Green Budget comes in. Yes, the threat of further tax rises and possible public sector cuts might be very real, but the chancellor's political advisors know that one of the key motivators of voting behaviour is whether people feel, and actually are, better off. And there the figures are pretty gloomy. Read more from Kamal here In the meantime, the chancellor still had a programme of promised tax cuts to deliver, faced uncertainty over what the Treasury might receive in tax, and needed to maintain a squeeze on government spending. For example, the government has promised to allow workers a larger amount of income before they start paying income tax - a promise that will cost Â£8bn a year and which is currently unfunded. The IFS said that even if economic figures were good, the forecast of a budget surplus by the end of the decade assumes putting up fuel duties in line with inflation, taking child benefit away from more high-earning families, and allowing more households to be dragged into the 45% top rate of income tax by keeping the threshold frozen at Â£150,000. Uncertainty over what will happen to the UK economy meant he might have to respond with some "tough decisions", the IFS concluded. "How he responds to any further unpleasant fiscal surprises may, more than anything we have seen so far, come to define his period as chancellor," said Paul Johnson, director of the IFS. Oxford Economics, which co-authored the report with the IFS, is predicting "relatively disappointing" UK growth of 2.2% in 2016, but said strong consumer spending had seen a "sugar rush" owing to low inflation caused by low oil prices. This was likely to continue. The environment for business investment remained "favourable", it added. The Bank of England, in its latest Inflation Report, cut its forecast for growth this year to 2.2%. In November it had predicted growth of 2.5%.	Chancellor George Osborne's "inflexible" budget surplus target may mean sudden tax rises or spending cuts, independent economists suggest.
In Kiev Fomenko cuts a sharp contrast to the spontaneous combustion that lurked permanently near the surface of Oleg Blokhin, his legendary predecessor. Former Soviet Union striker Blokhin concluded a frank discussion with a Ukrainian journalist following their defeat by England in Euro 2012 with an old-fashioned invitation to go outside for "a man talk", complete with what looked suspiciously like a few tasty shadow-boxing moves just to emphasise his point. It is hard to imagine such differing personalities as the emotional Blokhin and the taciturn - to put it very generously - Fomenko. And yet the latter is clearly inspirational enough to have manoeuvred Ukraine into a position in Group H where they will be firm favourites for automatic qualification should they beat England on Tuesday. Fomenko does not go in for such obvious dramatic gestures as Blokhin. Indeed it seems he does not go in for gestures at all but one typically short answer brought a smattering of patriotic applause from his audience in the room deep inside the vast bowl of Kiev's Olympic Stadium. Asked if the potentially decisive meeting with England was the game of his life, he simply replied: "Not only of mine." This was all it took to prompt the response and shine a light on the feelings of Ukraine as they believe the goal of Brazil next summer will come into sharp relief should they beat Roy Hodgson's men. Media playback is not supported on this device There was a mood of anticipation among Ukraine fans who walked along the banks of the vast Dnieper river that sweeps through this sprawling, exciting city. And it will be mirrored in the mood of 70,000 supporters who will gather for what will be arguably the most important night of Hodgson's reign so far. England are braced for the early whirlwind of attacks that have become Ukraine's calling card. Comparisons are being drawn with the occasion in October 1997 when Glenn Hoddle's England went to Rome's Stadio Olimpico and fought a rearguard action that brought back the goalless draw that sent them to France 98. Hodgson, then coach of Inter Milan, worked as a television analyst that night. He knows he will be under far more pressure on Tuesday as England reach the crucial point in their World Cup qualifying campaign. The England manager admits he is feeling that pressure - and why not? Hodgson's years of experience will inform him of the stakes, both professionally and personally, that may ride on events. Full qualifying tables Hodgson seemed at ease with such weight of expectation as he said: "We're getting closer to the situation where we are either going to achieve our goal and qualify for the World Cup or we are going to fail in our goal. "Of course that's pressure but, like Steve Gerrard said, that is part and parcel of the business. You can't get away from that, and discussing it and admitting to it even - what does that do? "What would you like me to say? 'No I don't feel any pressure and I couldn't care less?' Of course you wouldn't expect me to say that. "I can't sleep at night? I can't sleep a wink? I'm frightened to death we're going to lose? Do you want me to say that?" It was all said perfectly calmly but with the air of a man who could probably reel off a list of the searching questions he would be asked should he leave Kiev in the small hours of Wednesday morning a loser. Hodgson has had a turbulent build-up with new Football Association chairman Greg Dyke realistically suggesting England would not be among the favourites to win in Brazil should they even get there. And another unwanted distraction came in the form of defender Kyle Walker's apology for his "poor judgement" after photographs were published of the Tottenham defender inhaling nitrous oxide, commonly known as "laughing gas", during a night out in Sheffield this summer. Take a look back at Frank Lampard's long career with West Ham, Chelsea and England At least Hodgson's team selection was uncomplicated, with the reliable James Milner the only expected change in place of suspended Danny Welbeck. It is an England team with a lop-sided look in terms of experience. Frank Lampard will win his 100th cap to join a select band of eight that includes team-mates Steven Gerrard and Ashley Cole. At the other end of the scale, Rickie Lambert's story gets another chapter as he earns only his third cap at the age of 31. With midfielder Jack Wilshere also short of competitive England experience, Hodgson will rely heavily on his vastly and trusted trio. Mikhail Fomenko has outlined what this night means to Ukraine - but Hodgson and England will also know what it will mean to spoil it.	Deadpan hardly does justice to the stone-faced delivery of Ukraine coach Mikhail Fomenko, but this man of few words did not need many to express his nation's feelings about the World Cup qualifier with England.
Isla Wiggin, from Fleet in Hampshire, died in a collision on the A34 in Hinksey Hill, Oxfordshire, on 25 August. Her unborn brother also died as a result of the collision. Isla's family issued a statement saying she was "a loving and caring" daughter who "would have made an amazing big sister". A lorry and seven cars were involved in the accident, which closed the northbound carriageway for almost 10 hours. The family statement said: "Isla was as perfect a daughter as you could ever wish for. Beautiful and witty, yet cheeky and mischievous, she was a character that you couldn't help but love with all your heart. "Isla put her heart and soul into everything and all of her friends were 'best friends' who she adored. She and her mummy were like two peas in a pod who did everything together, she even loved to help out around the house. "Her loving and caring nature would have made her an amazing big sister and she was so excited at the prospect. "Although adamant that the baby was a girl, Isla said she'd like to call the baby Harry if it was a boy, so it seemed only right to do so. "We were extremely proud to find out that we were going to have a son, who would have completed our family. He had big hands and strong arms and no doubt would've grown into a strapping young man who would have loved and protected Isla. "We are so sorry that we didn't get the chance to meet him properly and get to know him. "We are very grateful for all of the love and support we have received over the last week. Although nothing can ever make up for the heartache that we feel, it is comforting to know that our beautiful children never witnessed any evil in the world. "Not a day will go by where we won't think of them and all the happy memories that we have shared." A 58-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving and released on bail until 2 October.	The family of a three-year-old girl and her unborn baby brother who died after a crash have paid tribute to them.
They refer, of course, to the latest twist in the labyrinthine case of genocide against the country's most notorious military leader, Efrain Rios Montt. The highest court in Guatemala has now overturned the historic judgement against the former president, who has spent just one day of his 80-year sentence in prison. Similarly, the headlines all quote the same date: 19 April. That is the day to which the case has now been re-set. Survivors and victims' families who gave testimonies after that day about the systematic rape, starvation and forced displacement of their villages now face having to return to court to deliver their evidence again. At times the Rios Montt trial seems almost too convoluted and complex to fully understand without a doctorate in Guatemalan law. And even then, it is far from simple. But in essence, the sentence has been annulled over a dispute between two judges. A judge from an earlier stage in the proceedings, Patricia Flores, ordered the trial suspended over what she said were unconstitutional procedural errors made in the evidentiary phase. When the head of the three-judge tribunal hearing the case, Jazmin Barrios, pressed on regardless, Mr Rios Montt's lawyer accused her of bias for which he was thrown out of court. The half-day which the former leader spent without a lawyer by his side may have put the prosecution's entire case in jeopardy. Dozens of witness statements must be reheard, the concluding arguments remade and a new sentence reached, the court has ordered. Needless to say, Mr Rios Montt's defence team are also pushing for the judges to be dismissed and for new judges to be installed. "This was to be expected," Edwin Canil told me with resignation. Mr Canil is a survivor of a brutal massacre of an Ixil indigenous community by the army during Mr Rios Montt's time in power. With tears in his eyes, he told us of the slaughter of almost his entire family in 1983, of being forced to live in refugee camps in the Mexican state of Chiapas and of the dawning realisation when he went to university years later that it had not been the actions of small renegade groups of soldiers but rather a state policy to destroy his people. He subsequently dedicated his life to working with one of the main human rights organisations, the Centre for Human Rights Legal Action (CALDH), to bring the charges of genocide and crimes against humanity against Mr Rios Montt. "I told people recently that [the guilty sentence] wasn't the end of this, but only the start." For Mr Rios Montt's lawyer, Francisco Garcia Gudiel - the man who was thrown from the courtroom last month and whose absence gave the grounds to overturn the sentence - the constitutional court's decision was "justice". "There were a series of deficiencies and violations in the process" against his client, he told the BBC earlier this week, and he repeated his claim that the lead judge was biased against him. "What does it mean when a judge is hugging [Mr Rios Montt's opponents] after the sentence was passed, as if to say, 'I have delivered what you wanted'?" he asked rhetorically. Mr Garcia Gudiel strongly believes the case against Mr Rios Montt will "fall of its own accord", saying there were so many legal question marks over the process that it is not possible that the genocide sentence will stand in its current form. His critics accuse him of trying every legal trick in the book to block the case, put obstacles in the way of the judicial process and keep the 86-year-old former military leader out of jail. For now, he has certainly achieved that final aim. A day after he was sentenced, Mr Rios Montt was transferred to a military hospital after fainting. His lawyer disputes the suggestion that it was an act. "He is very unwell. He has a serious heart condition, suffers from hypertension, problems with his prostate and problems in five of his vertebrae which make it difficult to remain seated for long periods of time. He legs are asleep constantly." Nevertheless, he insists his client is ready for the legal fight ahead. So, it seems, are the victims. "We knew they would do this, and after this they'll enter an appeal, and then another and so on," says massacre survivor, Edwin Canil. "They haven't even begun to get politics involved," he says. He points to a law being proposed in parliament which would allow all prisoners aged 80 or over to serve their sentences at home. "This has got a long way to go yet. It's just a question of who gets tired first: them or us. But we're still here and staying firm."	The headlines in the morning newspapers in Guatemala share one word in common: annulled.
11 December 2015 Last updated at 17:07 GMT This is what might happen to kids living on the island of Kiribati, in the Pacific Ocean. Kiribati is a nation of about 105,000 people that sits, surrounded by water, halfway between Hawaii and Australia. The land there it just six metres above sea level and scientists think that it could be among the first places in the world to be affected by rising sea levels, as the planet heats up and melts ice in places like Antarctica. It's one of the things world leaders are hoping to tackle at the Climate Change Conference in Paris at the moment. Watch the video to learn more	Imagine living somewhere that could be completely under water in a few years time.
The web firm was alerted to the breach by security experts seeking computers vulnerable to the recently discovered Shellshock bug. Shellshock is a flaw found in many widely used versions of the Unix operating system. Although the Yahoo servers were vulnerable to Shellshock it said attackers used a different vulnerability to get at the machines. In a statement, Yahoo said that early on 6 October it isolated several servers that it had been informed were vulnerable to compromise via Shellshock. They were identified as being vulnerable by security researchers scanning servers around the net seeking those running software susceptible to Shellshock. If exploited, the Shellshock bug would allow attackers to run commands as if they were in control of that machine. "After investigating the situation fully, it turns out that the servers were in fact not affected directly by Shellshock, but by a minor bug in a parsing script," said Yahoo in a statement. The vulnerable servers were used by Yahoo to provide live sports updates and news feeds to users. Added Yahoo: "After a comprehensive investigation, we have found no evidence that user information was affected by this incident." In a separate statement released to the Hacker News wire Alex Stamos, security chief at Yahoo, said: "This flaw was specific to a small number of machines and has been fixed, and we have added this pattern to our code scanners to catch future issues." Millions of machines are believed to be vulnerable to Shellshock and security firms have found some cybercrime groups using it to take over machines they then organise into a single network that can be used to send out spam or to carry out other attacks.	Yahoo has said no user data was lost when hackers breached its servers.
The 29-year-old is currently playing for his country in their home Test series against Sri Lanka. Abbott, who previously played as an overseas signing for Hampshire in 2014, has played 10 Tests for South Africa. Former Australia one-day captain George Bailey has joined Hampshire as their overseas signing for 2017. Abbott took match figures of 5-101 in South Africa's first Test win in Port Elizabeth last week. But the right-armer found his chances limited for the national side before Dale Steyn suffered a long-term shoulder injury in the Test series against Australia in November.	Hampshire are refusing to comment on reports South Africa bowler Kyle Abbott may rejoin them on a long-term deal as a Kolpak registration.
But over the past decade the cancer doctor has gone from dabbling in triathlon for a dare, to winning long-distance races against full-time professionals. While many of her fellow competitors were training all day, Gossage was spending endless hours in Cambridge laboratories doing research for a PhD into kidney cancer. Yet the ritual chores of both fields, she claims, are not so different. When I'm working as an oncology doctor, treating cancer patients, it put things in to perspective "They are actually so similar," she says. "A lot of the day-to-day stuff of what you do is fundamentally pretty boring. "You could be pipetting in a lab for four hours at a time or staring at cells down a microscope - and it's the same with doing long interval sessions on an indoor bike trainer." Her dedication and hard work has paid off on both fronts. Not only has Gossage has just completed her PhD, but with two Ironman wins in 2013 she was voted female Long Distance Triathlete of the Year by British Triathlon. Now, with her studies finally out of the way, the 34-year-old is taking a well-earned two-year sabbatical to train and race full time. "It's going to take some getting used to," she says. "At first it's going to be novelty value; having time to have coffee with friends and not having to set an early alarm. "I just hope I can cope with the pressure and cope with having it as the main focus in my life. It's probably my biggest worry that I won't have work to keep me sane!" The Ironman is a gruelling test of physical and mental endurance which involves a 2.4 mile swim, followed by a 112 mile bike ride, before a 26.2 mile run. In 2012, while juggling her PhD with racing part-time, Gossage won one event in under nine hours - a remarkable feat that only a small group of British women have achieved. Gossage says that what she might lack in raw athletic ability, she makes up for it with perseverance and mental toughness; vital skills she has been honing in her medical career. "To get to medical school and to get through it you have to be very driven and a lot of the things you learn are applicable to triathlon," she says. "But ultimately the skills I learn in triathlon - the determination, drive and focus - will also make me a better doctor." In her first year as a full-time professional, Gossage hopes to qualify for the famous Ironman World Championship in Kona, Hawaii. She has raced there twice before, but as an age group athlete. Media playback is not supported on this device "Overall, my number one aim is to do that and keep enjoying it," she adds. "If I keep enjoying it, I will get the best out of myself." Gossage has added inspiration because of the outstanding record British women have at the Ironman World Championship in recent years. won the event four times between 2007 and 2011,  was crowned world champion in 2012, while  were both on the podium in 2013. "It's amazing really and I think we could realistically have six Brits in the top ten in the next few years at Kona," says Gossage. "I think you push each other to success. "I think Chrissie raised the bar and everyone is trying to get up to where she was." The oncologist knows her full-time professional triathlon career will be shorter than most, but she is fully focussed on making the most of her two-year sabbatical. "When I was working as an oncology doctor, treating cancer patients, it put things in to perspective and made me realise that's it's very important to be clear with what you want to do in your life," she says. "I feel like I'm halfway through a journey I've started. I'm under no illusions there'll be times in my triathlon career when I think 'it'd be nice just to be a cancer doctor and do something for someone else now and then, because triathlon is quite selfish.' "And, equally, there will be times when I'm doing a busy clinic and its overrun, things aren't going well and you look outside and the sun is shining and I'll think 'I'd do anything to be out on my bike.'" Gossage's first race on the road to qualifying for the Ironman World Championship in Hawaii is Ironman South Africa on Sunday 6 April. If you are interested in exploring how to combine running, swimming and cycling into one event, explore our	When Lucy Gossage used to lug her bike through busy lung cancer clinics, changing from sports kit into more professional attire in the toilets before seeing patients, most people thought she was "just a bit of a nutter."
It is said to result from ScotRail's plan to introduce 200 new services, providing 200,000 additional seats each day. The timetable changes are the result of the Scottish government's decision to retain 13 Class 170 diesel trains. Public transport campaigners have welcomed the announcement. However, they insisted additional track capacity would be needed if the Scottish government was to meet its promise of "the largest programme of benefits to rail passengers seen in a generation". Scotland's Transport Minister Derek Mackay said: "From 2018 passengers will benefit from more seats, more services and faster journey times as a direct result of the increased funding that we are putting into the rail network. "The retention of these units will complement the arrival of our new High Speed Trains, which will allow for new and improved intercity connections. "They will also make our rail network more resilient, creating opportunities to run faster services on key commuter routes and offering better connectivity for regional areas." Phil Verster, Managing Director of Abellio ScotRail, described the announcement as "a really significant moment in our mission to transform Scotland's railway". He added: "In three years' time, the service that we provide to our customers will be unrecognisable." The plan also promises; Colin Howden, from public transport campaign group, Transform Scotland, welcomed the announcement, but he said unless there were "concrete commitments" to upgrade routes then the network might not be able to take the added services. He explained: "It's certainly going to be difficult to get more trains on the route from Dundee to Aberdeen unless there is a clear and transparent decision by government to upgrade the single track rail line at Montrose. "Services from the Edinburgh to Perth are severely constrained by capacity limitations on the Fife Coast and the long single track section on the approach to Perth. "In our view, the most significant single improvement that could be made would be the re-creation of a direct route from Edinburgh to Perth. "This would not only dramatically change journey times from Perth and Inverness to Edinburgh but would also reduce journey times from Aberdeen by routeing some trains via Perth. That would represent a 'rail revolution' for the Scottish inter-city network." Sarah Beattie-Smith, from the Scottish Greens, welcomed the plan to increase services but claimed it was not enough. She said: "The SNP seems to think that tinkering with train service numbers is enough to fix Scotland's broken public transport system. Don't get me wrong - new rail services are all well and good, but this policy falls far short from the 'rail revolution' the Scottish Government wants to brand it as. "To properly support the people who are currently isolated by our poor and expensive public transport, we need to do much, much more."	Rail passengers in Tayside, Stirlingshire, Perthshire, Aberdeenshire and the Borders are being promised a "revolution" in travel.
Mark Gilmore, from Belfast, was suspended on full pay in June in connection with an investigation into the awarding of vehicle contracts. He said he had conducted himself with the honesty and integrity expected of someone in his position. He voluntarily attended a police station in Belfast last week. The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) said: "Detectives are preparing a file on a 49-year-old man following inquiries into bribery and misconduct in public office which were initiated by this investigation. "He voluntarily attended a police station in Belfast last week for interview." Seven men have been arrested as part of the investigation by the PSNI. Among those arrested was former PSNI assistant chief constable Duncan McCausland, who has said he "strenuously denies" any wrongdoing. Police have said files on all seven of those arrested are being prepared for submission to the Public Prosecution Service. The BBC understands that due to the complexity of the investigation it could be months before the review of those files is completed and the police are in a position to decide whether to bring charges. Mr Gilmore  is from the Shankill Road area of west Belfast and joined the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC) in 1983, which has since been transformed into the PSNI. He rose to the role of superintendent, before being seconded to Lancashire Police in 2008. He became assistant chief constable at West Yorkshire Police five years ago, before being promoted to chief constable last year.	The chief constable of West Yorkshire has been questioned by Northern Ireland police investigating alleged bribery and misconduct in public office.
Indian officials said there were eight survivors among 160 passengers and six crew on board the Air India Express flight from Dubai. The Boeing 737 overshot the hilltop runway as it tried to land and burst into flames in a valley beyond. Indian Aviation Minister Praful Patel said he felt "morally responsible" for the crash, AFP news agency reports. Survivors said they thought they heard what sounded like a tyre bursting just before the crash. Speaking to Indian TV from his hospital bed, survivor Umer Farooq said he heard a loud thud as the plane touched down. "Then the plane veered off toward some trees on the side and then the cabin filled with smoke. I got caught in some cables but managed to scramble out," he said. Mr Farooq was being treated for burns to his arms, legs, and face. All the passengers on the flight were Indian nationals, with many returning from jobs in the Gulf to visit their families, says the BBC's Sanjoy Majumder in Delhi. There were up to 20 children on board, our correspondent adds. Mangalore airport lies on top of a hill with steep drops at the end of each of its two runways. One of the runways was extended in 2006 to accommodate larger planes like the Boeing 737. By Sanjoy MajumderBBC News, Delhi Air India Express is a budget airline and a subsidiary of the national carrier Air India. This is the first crash in its relatively short history. The plane was no more than three years old. Air India Express mainly caters to the southern Indian states of Kerala and Karnataka, where this plane crashed, with flights to and from the Gulf, where a large number of Indian nationals work. India has a relatively good air safety record but in the past decade there has been a rapid growth in the aviation industry. A number of new airlines have been launched, which has led to a shortage of some experienced crew. The airline said the plane had overshot the runway as it came into land at about 0600 (0030 GMT) and crashed into a wooded valley. TV pictures showed rescue workers and local villagers scrambling on steep hillsides to search the smoking wreckage. A Mangalore police official told the BBC that smoke from the crash site had made it difficult for rescue workers to gain access to the plane. "As far as the information available with us is concerned, eight persons were rescued and shifted to local hospitals in Mangalore for treatment," Air India official Anup Shrivasta told reporters. Mr Patel said one person was unharmed, four had minor injuries and three were being treated for major injuries. One passenger, described as a seven-year-old boy, died on the way to hospital. Officials said 146 bodies had so far been recovered, some burned beyond recognition. A light, pre-monsoon rain was reported to be falling at the time but the head of the Indian airport authority, VP Agarwal, said visibility was not a problem. He said the pilot had given no distress call to the control tower. Local media named the pilot as Serbian Zlatko Glusica. He was said to have 10,000 hours of flying time, including experience of Mangalore's airport. AFP news agency said Mr Glusica also had British citizenship. The civil aviation minister said an investigation had been ordered into the crash, and that the flight data and voice "black box" recorders had not been found. After visiting the scene of the crash, Mr Patel observed that Mangalore airport had a short runway and a limited area after that to accommodate planes that overshot the landing strip. He said the Air India Express flight had missed its landing threshold by about 2,000 feet (600 metres). "Because the spill-over area was limited, it went off a cliff," he said. Mr Patel added that one of the plane's wings had hit a navigational aid near the end of the runway called a localiser and broke off before the rest of the plane plunged into the valley. There have been cautions before about the position of Mangalore's runways, which analysts say poses challenges for pilots. A former adviser to the Civil Aviation Ministry said he had given warnings in the past about the airport and said it should not be used by bigger aircraft such as the Boeing 737. "The problems are there, that if you overshoot, if your brakes fail or if you can't stop the aircraft for any reason, then it will fall and roll over the cliff into the valley with disastrous consequences, and that is what happened today here," said Air Marshal Denzil Keelor. One of the survivors, KP Manikutty, said the landing had at first appeared to be smooth and then the plane had crashed with no warning. "Immediately on touching the ground, the aircraft jerked and in a few moments hit something," he said. "Then it split in the middle and caught fire. I just jumped from the gap," he added. Air India Express began operations about five years ago as an offshoot of the state-run Air India. Its Boeing 737-800 jet that crashed was less than three years old. India's air safety record has been good in the past decade, despite a rapid increase in the number of private airlines and air travel in the country. The last major crash happened in the city of Patna in July 2000, killing at least 50 people.	Nearly 160 people are feared dead after an airliner crashed while landing near the southern Indian city of Mangalore.
McCormick & Co saw off competition from consumer giant Unilever and Hormel Foods, the US owner of Spam, to buy the division. It includes French's mustard as well as Franks' RedHot and Cattlemen's sauces. The deal will help Reckitt Benckiser pay off debt after buying baby formula maker Mead Johnson for $17.9bn. The chief executive of Reckitt Benckiser, Rakesh Kapoor, said: "Following the acquisition of Mead Johnson Nutrition, this transaction marks another step towards transforming RB into a global leader in consumer health and hygiene." Reckitt Benckiser's share price rose by 1.62% to Â£79.39. The acquisition will cement McCormick's position in the US sauce and condiments market, which is worth around $21bn a year according to research by IBISWorld. Lawrence Kurzius, chief executive at McCormick said the deal enables his business "to become a one-stop shop for condiment, spice and seasoning needs." Last year, McCormick attempted to buy Premier Foods, the maker of Mr Kipling cakes and Bisto gravy. However, it walked away after being unable to offer a high enough price for the business.	The US owner of Schwartz herbs and spices has won the battle to acquire Reckitt Benckiser's food business in a deal worth $4.2bn (Â£3.2bn).
General secretary Frances O'Grady told delegates at its annual conference in Brighton that mistreatment is becoming more widespread in the UK. She warned "greedy" businesses that her organisation would "shine a light on you". This comes amid a renewed focus by trade unions on improving conditions for workers. The TUC said the type of working practices "typified" by Sports Direct, which has been under fire for the treatment of its staff, was becoming more widespread. "Sports Direct may be in the spotlight now, but they are not the only ones. There are other big companies that bring shame on our country. So let me give fair warning to any greedy business that treats its workers like animals - we will shine a light on you," Ms O'Grady told delegates. "Run a big brand with a dirty little secret? A warehouse of people paid less than the minimum wage? A fleet of couriers who are slaves to an app? Let me put you on notice. There will be no hiding place. We will organise and we will win," she said. Sports Direct's decision to end zero hours contracts in stores and put some agency workers on permanent contracts was a spectacular win for the trade union movement. But unions know that the number of people on zero hours contracts is rising and self-employment continues to grow. So, they are responding to this growing casualisation of the workforce - both to help those that are being exploited but also to sign up young people who are under-represented in trade unions. Unions have also launched legal action against businesses like courier and taxi firms which have thousands of self-employed drivers who are not classified as workers and who don't enjoy basic workers rights. Last week, Sports Direct promised to improve conditions after the sportswear chain's lawyers produced a critical report of how some staff were treated. MPs had previously said working practices at the Shirebrook warehouse in Derbyshire were closer to "that of a Victorian workhouse than that of a modern High Street retailer". Ms O'Grady said the firm's promise to abolish zero-hours contracts for its directly employed, casual retail staff - and to make sure all staff were paid above the national minimum wage - was down to "trade union shareholder power". "Britain's unions will not rest until every worker gets the fair treatment they deserve," she said. The TUC general secretary earlier praised the actions of pub chain Wetherspoons which said it would now allow all staff on zero-hours contracts to move to ones that provided guaranteed minimum hours after trialling the idea in parts of the business. "The success of the Wetherspoons trial proves that businesses can be successful without zero-hours contracts," she said.	The TUC has warned companies that there will be "no hiding place" if they exploit their workers.
The Blades would have secured a top-two finish with a victory over the Sky Blues if Fleetwood had lost at Oxford. However, Fleetwood's 3-1 win means the Blades still need three more points and Chris Wilder's side will go up if they win at Northampton Town on Saturday. Leon Clarke and John Fleck, both former Coventry players, scored to send their old club closer to relegation. Three days on from winning the Checkatrade Trophy at Wembley, Coventry could not extend their three-game winning run in all competitions and they will drop into the fourth tier for the first time since 1959 if they lose at home to Peterborough on Saturday. Striker Clarke turned in Fleck's cross to open the scoring with 20 minutes remaining, and midfielder Fleck's solo effort made the game safe. Wilder will return to Northampton, the club he left to take charge of Sheffield United in May 2016, for the first time on Saturday and an away win will be enough for the Blades end their six-year absence from the second tier. Match ends, Sheffield United 2, Coventry City 0. Second Half ends, Sheffield United 2, Coventry City 0. Foul by Daniel Lafferty (Sheffield United). Gael Bigirimana (Coventry City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. John Fleck (Sheffield United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Ben Stevenson (Coventry City). Attempt missed. James Hanson (Sheffield United) left footed shot from the right side of the box is high and wide to the left. Foul by Chris Basham (Sheffield United). Marcus Tudgay (Coventry City) wins a free kick on the left wing. John Fleck (Sheffield United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Attempt missed. Jay O'Shea (Sheffield United) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Substitution, Sheffield United. Jay O'Shea replaces Billy Sharp. Substitution, Coventry City. George Thomas replaces Ryan Haynes. Goal!  Sheffield United 2, Coventry City 0. John Fleck (Sheffield United) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Corner,  Coventry City. Conceded by John Fleck. Corner,  Coventry City. Conceded by Daniel Lafferty. Goal!  Sheffield United 1, Coventry City 0. Leon Clarke (Sheffield United) right footed shot from the right side of the six yard box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by John Fleck. Foul by James Hanson (Sheffield United). Gael Bigirimana (Coventry City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by James Hanson (Sheffield United). Jordan Turnbull (Coventry City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Corner,  Coventry City. Conceded by Jack O'Connell. Foul by John Fleck (Sheffield United). Ruben Lameiras (Coventry City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Attempt blocked. Ruben Lameiras (Coventry City) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Corner,  Sheffield United. Conceded by Kevin Foley. Billy Sharp (Sheffield United) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Marcus Tudgay (Coventry City). Kieron Freeman (Sheffield United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Marcus Tudgay (Coventry City). Attempt saved. Ruben Lameiras (Coventry City) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the top centre of the goal. Foul by Daniel Lafferty (Sheffield United). Jodi Jones (Coventry City) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Chris Basham (Sheffield United). Marcus Tudgay (Coventry City) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt missed. Billy Sharp (Sheffield United) left footed shot from outside the box misses to the right. Substitution, Sheffield United. Samir Carruthers replaces Mark Duffy. Substitution, Sheffield United. Leon Clarke replaces Jake M Wright. Attempt missed. Jodi Jones (Coventry City) left footed shot from outside the box is just a bit too high. Second Half begins Sheffield United 0, Coventry City 0.	Leaders Sheffield United defeated bottom club Coventry City but were made to wait for promotion from League One.
The youngest is a schoolboy from Blackburn who was 14 when he incited an act of terrorism in Australia. The figures also show there are growing numbers of women and girls being prosecuted. Police say five terror plots have been foiled since March and 18 thwarted since 2013. For the last two years the BBC has tracked the numbers of people from the UK who have been drawn into the conflict in Syria and Iraq. The most comprehensive online record of its kind, it shows the rapidly escalating number of prosecutions since 2014. Who are Britain's jihadists? - search the BBC's database Those convicted come from a wide cross section of society and include former prisoners, a hospital director and the son of a police officer. Married couples, siblings and a mother of six have also been prosecuted. Of the 109 people convicted, 18 (16%) were women and girls and interestingly, over 85% of those convicted have never been to Syria or Iraq. That's because some of the offences relate to those who have plotted to go and fight but who were arrested before putting their plans into action. Others have been convicted of using social media to encourage support for banned groups such as Islamic State. Director of Public Prosecutions, Alison Saunders told the BBC: "We need to be acutely aware that if people can't go to Syria - and we have certainly seen this in some of the cases we have prosecuted - they may plan a sort of an attack here instead or they may do more to radicalise other people here to attack so we need to be very aware of that." The DPP says the Crown Prosecution Service has the resources it needs to deal with the increased number of cases. After the London Bridge attack in which eight members of the public were killed, the prime minister called for a review of Britain's counter-terrorism strategy to make sure the police and the security services have the powers they need. Meanwhile, the Ministry of Justice (MoJ) has announced that some of the country's most dangerous extremists have been moved to a "prison within a prison". The inmates have been relocated to what the MoJ has called 'separation centres' within HMP Frankland in County Durham. The move was promised by the then-Justice Secretary, Liz Truss, after a report into Islamist extremism in prisons.	More than 100 people in the UK have been convicted of terrorism offences related to Syria and Iraq since 2014, research by the BBC has revealed.
The Frenchman, 22, penned a two-year contract with the option of a third year after the clubs agreed a deal worth £50,000 plus future incentives. Fane made 20 appearances for Kidderminster last season as they were relegated from the National League. The midfielder had been on trial at the Latics this summer and impressed in a friendly against Wigan Athletic. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.	League One side Oldham Athletic have signed Kidderminster Harriers midfielder Ousmane Fane.
Roland Baker, 93, was invited to last month's London premiere of The Railway Man, starring Colin Firth and Nicole Kidman, but could not make it. The Regal in Stowmarket, Suffolk, stepped in to give him a special reception instead. He worked as forced labour 1942-1945 on the construction and maintenance of the Thailand-Burma railway. The Suffolk Regiment private was captured following the fall of Singapore in February 1942. He decided not to attend the film's premiere in London because it was too late in the evening for him. People's War: Thailand-Burma Railway Mr Baker, who lives at Bacton near Stowmarket, rang his local cinema to see if they would be showing the film, which is based on Eric Lomax's book about his time as a PoW in the Far East. David Marsh, from the Regal, said: "We got chatting to him and thought it would be lovely, as he couldn't get to the London red carpet, for us to bring the red carpet to him." Mr Baker said he helped build many large and small bridges, including the one over the River Kwai. He said he and his comrades were fed on just boiled water and rice, which sometimes contained maggots, and by the end of the war his weight had plummeted to 5 stone (31kg) from his normal 11 stone (70kg). "We were underfed, over-worked, had no clothes to wear in the monsoons, were often up to our necks in mud and we had to build our own huts as we moved up the railway," he said. "I had an ulcer on my leg but I got over that, otherwise my leg would have been taken off without anaesthetic using a saw which we used to cut trees down." Two other prisoners of war of the Japanese attended the Stowmarket screening - the Suffolk Regiment's Pte Percy Wells, 91, from Woodbridge, and Harold Lock, 90, from Sudbury, who was in the Royal Navy. Brian Wright, chairman of the Suffolk Old Comrades club, said 2,000 members of the Suffolk Regiment were prisoners of the Japanese and 760 died while working on the railway. "Veterans don't always talk about their experiences as Japanese PoWs, but they went through hell," he said. "This cinema event is a token of respect for the sacrifices people like Roland made for the world."	A prisoner of the Japanese during World War Two has been given the red carpet treatment at his local cinema.
The IAAF, which governs athletics, said the London 2012 gold medallist had tested positive for a banned substance. Lysenko, 32, who is now known by her married name Beloborodova, served a two-year ban for steroid use in 2007. Russia is banned from international athletics competition after it was accused of systematic doping. The suspension was imposed last year after a World Anti-Doping Agency report alleged systematic, state-sponsored doping had taken place. Russia is hoping to persuade the sport's authorities it has done enough to tackle doping to have the ban lifted in time for this year's Olympic Games in Rio. A decision is likely to be taken at an IAAF council meeting next month. Lysenko's suspension will be provisional while further tests are carried out.	Olympic and double world hammer champion Tatyana Lysenko has become the latest athlete from Russia to be suspended for doping.
Felix Damm was detailing the extent of Schumacher's injuries in a lawsuit against German magazine, Bunte. The magazine had reported last Christmas that the seven-time world champion could walk again. But Mr Damm said that Schumacher, 47, was unable even to stand with the help of specialists. Bunte had quoted a source at the end of last year as saying that Schumacher could manage some steps with the help of therapists and could raise an arm. At the time, Schumacher's agent, Sabine Kehm, released a statement denying the story, saying: "Unfortunately we are forced by a recent press report to clarify that the assertion that Michael could move again is not true. "Such speculation is irresponsible, because given the seriousness of his injuries, his privacy is very important. Unfortunately they also give false hopes to many involved people." Schumacher suffered a head injury in a skiing accident in France in 2013. He was placed in a medically induced coma for six months before being transferred to his home in Switzerland to continue his treatment. Very little is known of the sports icon's recovery as his family has strongly protected his privacy. In February, his former boss at Ferrari, Luca di Montezemolo, said: "I have news and unfortunately it is not good."	A lawyer for Michael Schumacher has told a court in Germany that the former Formula 1 world champion "cannot walk" following his skiing injury.
Minister for Transport and the Islands, Humza Yousaf, said Road Equivalent Tariff (RET) would be introduced on Pentland Firth routes, with a variant for Aberdeen to Kirkwall and Lerwick. RET allows fares to be realigned with the equivalent cost of travel by road. It is expected to see foot passenger fares cut by an average of more than 40%, with car fares down more than 30%. Mr Yousaf said: "During my first visit to the Northern Isles as Transport Minister I committed to ensuring we would reduce ferry fares as soon as practically possible. "These significant fare cuts will be rolled out in the first half of 2018. "It is also our intention to include the commercial operators on the Pentland Firth in this scheme, and we will work with them to put a suitable system in place to allow that to happen. "This reduction in fares will make ferry travel to and from the Northern Isles even more attractive for islanders and tourists. "It also brings fares into line with those on the Clyde and Hebrides network, ensuring parity and supporting our aim of having one overarching fares policy across our ferry services." Northern Isles MSPs Liam McArthur and Tavish Scott both welcomed the news, and praised campaigners. Orkney Lib Dem MSP Mr McArthur said: "I am grateful to all those in Orkney and Shetland who supported the campaign for fair ferry fares. "It has been a long time coming but shows the importance of standing up for what's right and not taking no for an answer."	A scheme to reduce ferry fares to and from the Northern Isles is to be rolled out next year.
Ms Krishnan had tweeted, "Careful before sharing #SelfieWithDaughter with #LameDuckPM. He has a record of stalking daughters." Mr Modi had, in his monthly radio address to the nation, asked people to send in selfies with their daughters. He is fronting a movement to save and educate girl children in the country. The tag #SelfieWithDaughter had begun trending soon after Mr Modi's radio address ended, with over 20,000 people submitting pictures. A small village in Haryana had begun the campaign, asking people to send in selfies with their daughters to win a prize. Over 800 people had participated in the initiative. Ms Krishnan's tweet enraged Mr Modi's supporters on Twitter, who tweeted back at her, condemning her for her remarks. The sheer volume of tweets directed at her and referencing her, meant that Ms Krishnan's name began trending on Twitter, along with  #SelfieWithDaughter and #MannKiBaat which is the name of the prime minister's radio show. Many of the tweets were highly abusive, sometimes accompanied with threats of violence. Ms Krishnan has taken to retweeting some of the most offensive. Ms Krishnan told BBC Hindi that she "welcomed" these reactions because they "expose the mindset of these men who are actually anti-women". She said she did not feel isolated or scared since she had also received a lot of support with Twitter users pointing out that the stream of abuse directed at the activist contradicted the #SelfieWithDaughter tag, that many of them had been using. Ms Krishnan was not the only high-profile woman attacking Mr Modi's new initiative. Actress Shruti Seth also delivered a salvo of scathing tweets at the prime minister, asking him to "be more than a photograph". Like Ms Krishnan, Ms Seth was also at the receiving end of a wave of online abuse. She retweeted some of the more offensive ones and responded to a few. Mr Modi has a huge army of online followers, who fight many battles on his behalf, and react violently to any criticism of him. They were particularly active during his successful election campaign in 2014. Ms Krishnan's tweet was in reference to a 2013 incident entitled "snoopgate" by local media. Two news outlets said they had accessed audio recordings containing telephone conversations in which the president of the ruling BJP Amit Shah (then general secretary) was directing the illegal surveillance of a young woman in 2009. According to the recordings, the surveillance of the woman had been ordered by someone called "saheb" (sir) which was assumed to be a reference to Mr Modi, who was then the chief minister of the western state of Gujarat. The matter of illegal surveillance was taken up by the Supreme Court, which directed the petitioner to drop the "scandalous charges" against the prime minister.	Leading Indian activist Kavitha Krishnan has become the target of internet ire after a disparaging tweet against Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Although a Sunderland fan, six-year-old Bradley made a real impact on Everton when he was a mascot first against them, then for them. Bradley died on 7 July having been diagnosed with neuroblastoma when he was 18 months old. Everton, which previously donated Â£200,000 to his appeal, will host a celebrity match on 3 September. Bradley's mother Gemma said the support the family had received was "fantastic". Evertonians formed a special bond with the youngster, initially during Everton's match at Sunderland in September 2016 and then when he was a guest at Goodison Park for two matches in January and February this year. Everton Chairman Bill Kenwright said: "I didn't know him for long but from the second he walked out onto the pitch with his beloved Sunderland against us, I felt an overwhelming need to support him. "He was the loveliest lad - still an imp, but with the biggest heart." Funds are being raised for the Bradley Lowery Foundation, a charity set up by his family which aims to help other families with children with cancer.	Everton will host a charity football match in celebration of Bradley Lowery, the club has announced.
James Alabi broke the deadlock in spectacular fashion for Chester with an overhead kick in the 29th minute, smashing home from Blaine Hudson's flick-on. Simon Walton equalised for the hosts from the penalty spot after 52 minutes, sending Alex Lynch the wrong way after Johnny Hunt brought down Connor Brown in the box. The draw extends Chester's unbeaten run to six matches and they are up to seventh in the table, while Guiseley remain 22nd. Report supplied by the Press Association. Match ends, Guiseley 1, Chester FC 1. Second Half ends, Guiseley 1, Chester FC 1. Danny Lowe (Guiseley) is shown the yellow card. Substitution, Chester FC. Jordan Chapell replaces Craig Mahon. Substitution, Chester FC. Wade Joyce replaces Kane Richards. Goal!  Guiseley 1, Chester FC 1. Simon Walton (Guiseley) converts the penalty with a. Second Half begins Guiseley 0, Chester FC 1. First Half ends, Guiseley 0, Chester FC 1. Goal!  Guiseley 0, Chester FC 1. James Alabi (Chester FC). Substitution, Guiseley. Marcus Williams replaces Robert Atkinson. First Half begins. Lineups are announced and players are warming up.	Guiseley salvaged a 1-1 draw against Chester to boost their National League survival hopes at Nethermoor Park.
