By . Sean Poulter . and Kieran Corcoran . PUBLISHED: . 11:20 EST, 2 December 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:48 EST, 3 December 2013 . Britons went Christmas crazy yesterday, spending £600million on a record Cyber Monday - but thousands found themselves frozen out of the frenzy by bank errors that left them unable to access their cash. Shoppers are thought to have made at least 7.7million purchases, including 4.1million from Amazon's website alone, despite problems with RBS and Natwest accounts which left eager consumers unable to spend their money and, in a few cases, finding that their funds had completely vanished. The errors, however, did little to dampen the spirits of online retailers like Amazon, which beat last year's sales record of 3.5million items by 600,000. On average, 47 orders were placed every second. Scroll down for video . 'Busiest online shopping day': These pictures show a behind-the-scenes glimpse of the Amazon Distribution Centre in Rugeley, Staffordshire, on Cyber Monday. Shoppers made 4.1million Amazon orders yesterday . Race against time: Staff at the 80,000 sq ft warehouse raced around to keep up with orders yesterday - roughly 47 every second . The first Monday in December – . nicknamed Cyber or Mega Monday – has been identified as the busiest . online shopping day of the year. One credit card provider alone . predicted customers would spend a staggering £450million over the . internet by midnight – 16 per cent up on last year. Visa . Europe said this was the equivalent of £312,500 a minute. John Lewis . reported a glut of online shoppers, with the most popular purchases . being clothes, tablet computers and Ugg footwear. A . spokesman said its distribution centre in Milton Keynes processed . around 6,000 items an hour, adding: ‘The iPad Air is the best selling . gift for the fourth week in a row.’ Today the Royal Mail was deluged with . work in the aftermath of Cyber Monday, with its single largest centre . processing 460,000 packages an hour. Huge: Parcels are here directed down shoots to be sent to their destinations as they roll off just one loops of a ten-mile conveyed belt at the Royal Mail's Worldwide Distribution Centre in West London . The . Worldwide Distribution Centre, near Heathrow Airport, is as large as . six football pitches and features an enormous conveyer belt, which . carries parcaels for ten miles before they are loaded into vans to be . delivered. The . number of shoppers going online overshadowed Black Friday last week, . when high street retailers slashed prices to copy American sales the . day after Thanksgiving. Amazon then saw 4million orders placed, which was a record at the time but has already been surpassed. Working hard: 400 staff members put a range of goods from electrical items to children's clothes into packages at the warehouse . On their way! Purchases were then put into packages ready for distribution from the centre - one of eight owned by Amazon around the country . Big spenders: Yesterday was Amazon's biggest ever day of sales in the UK . An Amazon spokesman said: 'Cyber Monday has . continued to grow every year with more people looking online to find and buy . the perfect Christmas gifts. Black Friday really captured the imagination of customers . as shown by the fact that we had our busiest day to date and reached one-day . sales of over 4million items for the very first time in our history. 'Customers . were then out in force again yesterday, shopping for Christmas presents and . generating our busiest day of sales ever.' Consumer analysts Experian estimated that 113million visits were made to online retail websites yesterday. A . record £1 in every £5 will be spent online this Christmas, with the . proportion of all retail internet sales, excluding food, hitting an . all-time high of 19.9 per cent. Monday madness: 113 million visits to online stores were predicted for Cyber Monday - making it the busiest online shopping day ever recorded . Mammoth: The Amazon warehouse is 800,000 sq ft - the same size as 20 large supermarkets lined up together, with staff using fork lift trucks to get around . Bursting: Thousands of shelves, left, all lined up in hundreds of rows, right, were stuffed full of some of the most popular gifts yesterday . Total internet sales in November were up 16 per cent in a year, according to figures from the British Retail Consortium, and Barclaycard analysts said they expect 10.1 per cent more online shopping this year than in 2012. Britons . will do more Christmas shopping online than any other nation, with 88 . per cent buying at least one gift on the web. The average consumer will . spend eight hours researching and buying presents online, according to . analysts Experian. Such is the rise of the web that it accounts for a . quarter of all fashion and lingerie sales and almost a third of shoes . and furniture. Retailers made reductions of up to 68 per cent yesterday during 24-hour Cyber Monday sales. House . of Fraser offered 40 per cent off some lines, while M&S ran a One . Day Spectacular with savings of 20 per cent on fashion and lingerie. The . Boots event included ‘better than half price’ savings. Debenhams . had 50 per cent-plus savings on ten ‘hot offers’, while Gap took 40 per . cent off everything. BRC director general, Helen Dickinson, said: ‘More . of us will be clicking into Christmas than ever.’ Festive spending: Retailers predict that Christmas sales will be worth £72.2billion this year, with a third spent online at stores like Amazon . Under control: The company has hired 15,000 more staff, with Royal Mail also setting up temporary distribution centres, for the festive rush .	Retail experts predicted Britons spent £600million on Cyber Monday on 7.7million purchases . Amazon alone received 4.1million orders yesterday, an average of 47 every second . But banks struggled to cope - as computer problems at RBS and Natwest froze customers out . Some customers even found that money had disappeared from their accounts overnight thanks to the glitch . Staff at Amazon warehouse had to work hard to keep up with demand - the busiest online shopping day of the year . Total Christmas sales of £72.2bn expected - with a third of that online . Online shopping expected to increase by 10.1 per cent compared to last year . High Street brands bring forward late December sales in a bid to boost flagging sales .
(CNN) -- A Tennessee man is facing charges of aggravated sexual exploitation of a minor for what authorities say are three pictures -- none of them featuring an actual child's body. Instead, according to testimony presented at Michael Wayne Campbell's preliminary hearing in Chattanooga, Tennessee, on Wednesday, the photos feature the faces of three young girls placed on the nude bodies of adult females, CNN affiliate WDEF reported. Hamilton County Det. Michael Cox said Campbell told authorities "he wanted to see what they would look like as adults," according to WDEF. Two of the faces were of local girls -- a 10-year-old and 12-year-old, the station reported. The third face appears to be Miley Cyrus, 16, star of Disney's popular television series "Hannah Montana" and its big-screen adaptation, "Hanna Montana: The Movie," according to WDEF. Investigators do not believe Campbell had any contact with the three girls, but "when you have the face of a small child affixed to a nude body of a mature woman, it's going to be the state's position that this is for sexual gratification and that this is simulated sexual activity," Assistant District Attorney Dave Denny said during Wednesday's hearing. Attempts to contact Denny by CNN Wednesday were unsuccessful. Cases like Campbell's present a unique legal issue. The U.S. Supreme Court in 2002 ruled that "virtual child pornography," in which no children were actually harmed, is protected speech and does not constitute a crime. Since then, "more and more of these guys are using morphed images, image manipulations" in an attempt to circumvent prosecution, Ernie Allen, president of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, said Wednesday. Such attempts are not always successful, Allen said, as charges can still be filed under obscenity laws or other statutes. Also, other avenues can be pursued when the faces used are those of real, identifiable people, he said. "We see it all the time," Allen said. "It makes it harder for law enforcement. It makes it tougher for prosecutors." "It's definitely on the increase," said Justin Fitzsimmons, a former prosecutor and senior attorney with the National Center for the Prosecution of Child Abuse, part of the National District Attorneys' Association. "People are trying to come up with creative ways to continue to sexually exploit children using digital evidence." Generally, what is seen is the "Photoshop effect," in which people use the face of a child on an adult body or vice versa in an effort to get around the law, he said. Nearly every state, however, has adopted a law in response to the Supreme Court decision in the case, Fitzsimmons said. For instance, Tennessee's laws state that in prosecuting the offense of sexual exploitation of a minor, "the state is not required to prove the actual identity or age of the minor." As to the success of such prosecutions, "there have not been a huge number of them," Allen said. While some have been successful and won convictions, many such cases are still in the appellate process. Fitzsimmons said he believes it is too soon to gauge the success or failure of prosecutorial efforts, as the cases "are just being challenged now." "It really is sort of a blending of technology and the law," he said, and predicted such issues would become more common as society becomes more and more high-tech and technology is increasingly used in the commission of crimes. Campbell was bound over to a grand jury, according to Hamilton County online court records.	Pictures of girls' faces on photos of adult nude bodies lead to charges . Investigators do not believe Campbell had any contact with the three girls . Child's face attached to pictures indicates "simulated sexual activity," official says . "Virtual pornography" cases such as this present a unique legal issue .
A man has lost both of his hands and feet after he was mauled by a pack of dogs while wearing no clothes in eastern Detroit. The unnamed victim, believed to be in his 40s, was attacked after 12 pit bulls escaped from a house in Pennsylvania Street last night. Paramedics found him lying naked in a yard in a 'critical' condition, but were unable to get out and help him until police came. Scene: A man has lost both of his hands and feet after he was mauled by a pack of dogs while wearing no clothes in Detroit. Above, the incident happened outside this yellow house (far right) in Pennsylvania Street . After arriving at the scene, Detroit Police officers fired at the dogs, killing one of them, Sargent Michael Woody told WWJ Newsradio 950. They were then able to lure the remaining 11 animals inside the house between East Warren and Mach avenues, before locking them inside. The dogs are now in the custody of Animal Control. 'When we found the victim he was lying in a yard, completely naked, being attacked by several pit bulls... and our officers had to try to corral the pit bulls.' said Sgt Woody. Following the attack at around 9.30pm, the man was taken to Detroit Receiving Hospital, where he remained in a critical condition this afternoon, CBS Detroit reported. Attack: After arriving at the scene, Detroit Police officers fired at the pit bulls, killing one of them. They were then able to lure the remaining 11 animals inside the house, before locking them in (file picture) Street: Following the attack, the man was taken to Detroit Receiving Hospital, where he remains in a critical condition. Above, the house (yellow, second right) was situated between East Warren and Mach avenues . Sgt Woody said it was unclear what the man was doing on the property or why he was naked. He added that the pit bills' owner has come forward and is not thought to be involved in dog fighting. An investigation is ongoing.	Man, believed to be in his 40s, attacked by 12 pit bulls in eastern Detroit . Paramedics found him lying naked in a yard surrounded by the animals . Police fired at dogs, killing one of them; rest were lured back into house . Victim, who lost both hands and feet, is in 'critical condition' in hospital . It remains unclear what man was doing on property or why he was nude .
Cannes (CNN) -- The value of jewels stolen from an exhibition in the French resort city of Cannes on Sunday is close to $136 million -- more than twice the amount stated in earlier reports -- the Nice prosecutor's office told CNN Monday. The robbery -- the third such heist around the city since May -- happened Sunday morning at a jewelry exhibition at the Carlton Hotel, according to Philippe Vique, deputy prosecutor for organized crime in the prosecutor's office. Earlier, a Nice police official told CNN on condition of anonymity that the jewels were worth about $53 million. The robber, whose face was covered by a hat and a scarf, had a semiautomatic pistol and threatened to shoot the exhibitors and guests, Vique said. Jewelry thefts reported at Cannes . Security guards were present but unarmed, he said. No one was injured. The gems were supposed to have been on display until the end of August. The robbery follows two major jewel heists this year at events tied to the Cannes Film Festival. During the festival in May, a necklace worth $2.6 million was stolen from a hotel party shortly after jewels worth more than $1 million were stolen from a safe in a hotel room. Jeweler de Grisogono said the necklace was part of a collection making its debut. The jewels stolen in May were from the Swiss firm Chopard, which was sponsoring the festival. Notable diamond heists . CNN's Stephanie Halasz, Vladimir Duthiers and Lauren Russell contributed to this report.	A police official said earlier that the jewels were worth about $53 million . The heist is the third major gem or jewelry robbery in the Cannes area this year . Sunday's heist happened at a jewelry exhibition at the Carlton Hotel .
'Systematic failure': His Honour Judge Nicholas Marston found the council had unlawfully deprived the teenager of her liberty . A judge has condemned a council which unlawfully took an autistic 19-year-old woman into care for more than a year and banned her parents from seeing her alone. Lawyers acting for the family from Yeovil, Somerset, accused the council of committing ‘one of the most serious cases of the deprivation of liberty’ ever seen by a court. The disabled woman - known only as P - was supposed to go into respite care with Somerset County Council for just two weeks while her parents went on a break. The young woman, who cannot speak, had injured herself at school three days earlier and her worried mother had alerted respite staff to self-inflicted bruising on her chest. But with her family out of the country, staff concluded the injury had been caused by ‘someone or something other than herself’ and decided to take her into care. Her desperate parents were then banned from unsupervised contact with her and forced to battle for 14 months to get her released. A judge at the Court of Protection has now criticised the council and ruled it acted unlawfully. The council has apologised but the couple are suing them for damages. The court heard how P was on a residential school placement before the separation, but had regular contact with her family. While on a school trip in May 2013 she was in an ‘extremely distressed condition’ after staff saw her ‘breathing heavily and hitting herself on the sternum area’. She displayed behaviour described as ‘severely challenging behaviour’ and had to be restrained by staff and taken home early. Her mother noticed bruising on her chest and, after consulting her GP, took her to an arranged respite placement in Yeovil three days after the school incident. Illegal move: Lawyers acting for the family from Yeovil accused Somerset County Council (whose headquarters are pictured) of committing 'one of the most serious cases of the deprivation of liberty' ever seen by a court . Despite alerting respite staff to the bruises, the teenager was taken to Yeovil District Hospital within days, but staff declined to tell the doctor - Dr K - about her previous incident at school. As a result Somerset County Council was called in and they decided to take P into full-time care. Her parents returned from holiday to hear of the decision in their absence. But after a nine-day trial earlier this year, His Honour Judge Nicholas Marston found the council had unlawfully deprived the teenager of her liberty. He said the lack of a ‘proper investigation’ showed a ‘systematic failure’ by the authority. He said: ‘[The doctor’s] report said “the bruising is felt to be comparable with a blow or blows to P’s anterior chest with a significant force or fall onto an object. ‘”This would be an unusual injury pattern to have been self-inflicted but if this was the case then it would be expected that such self-harm, which would have been demonstrably significant and painful, would have been witnessed”. ‘These are very significant words given that members of staff at the school had observed [previously] P breathing heavily and hitting herself on the sternum area. ‘This information was easily available but was never passed onto Dr K nor was further information that on the class trip P had displayed severely challenging behaviour pulling hair, kicking seats and that staff on that trip had been "taken to the ground" by P and she had had to be restrained in the approved holds for physical restraint on the trip. ‘Instead, at a strategy meeting, as a result of the conclusions of the medical report that it was “highly likely that P has received a significant injury from someone or something other than herself....” so instead it was decided she would not be returned to her mother.’ A spokesman for the family’s lawyers said P was now back at the family home and ‘settling in well’. She said: ‘The council did not take account of several possible explanations for the cause of the bruising, not least the fact that she had been observed hitting herself in that area and that she had also taken a member of staff to ground whilst out on a school trip. ‘Crucially, the young woman herself was not given the opportunity to explain how the bruising had occurred.’ She added: ‘In delivering his judgement that the council had unlawfully deprived P of her liberty, His Honour Judge Marston criticised the council for its systemic failure, its corporate failings and its misguided philosophies. ‘The council continued to pursue an unsubstantiated case against the family, and unreasonably refused to drop allegations made against them.’ Somerset County Council said it accepted the judge’s ruling and comments. A spokesman said: ‘We were completely motivated by serious concern for the young lady’s welfare. ‘We have apologised to the family for the distress that our actions caused and are working closely with them to provide the right care and support for their daughter now and in the future. ‘We have also taken urgent steps to ensure that all adult social care staff learn from this case and this situation never arises again.’	Somerset County Council took woman, 19, into care for more than a year . Woman was supposed to go into respite care with council for two weeks . She had injured herself at school and her family went on a break abroad . But council staff decided she had not caused injury and took her into care . Desperate parents were then banned from unsupervised contact with her . Council committed 'one of most serious cases of liberty deprivation' ever .
Gary Neville has urged Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal to stick with playing four at the back for the rest of the season. The Red Devils started with three central defenders for Saturday's Barclays Premier League win at QPR, but it was only once they switch to a flat back-four that Marouane Fellaini and James Wilson struck to seal the points. Fans are desperate for the Dutchman to ditch his more favoured 3-5-2 formation, and former United full-back agrees with the Old Trafford faithful. Gary Neville has urged Manchester United to stick with playing four at the back for the rest of the season . The Reds switched to a back-four before Marouane Fellaini and James Wilson struck to seal the points . United supporters are desperate for their manager to ditch his more favoured 3-5-2 formation . Louis van Gaal switched to a 4-4-2 formation during Saturday's 2-0 win at QPR . He told Monday Night Football: 'Louis van Gaal wants them to recycle the ball and switch the play. I'm not a fan of 3-5-2 because the centre-backs are the free men and they become the safe option. 'They play out from the back but the tempo is too slow. Far too often they are keeping possession and passing it backwards. 'They've become quite predictable in the past few weeks. Manchester United looked far more dangerous on Saturday when they changed the system. 'Fans want them to go 2-0 up and then keep possession rather than fight for goals near the end.' Van Gaal has been keen to strengthen his options at back by looking at Borussia Dortmund's Mats Hummels during the January transfer window. Frustrated fans, pictured celebrating, were screaming ‘4-4-2’ during their side's initial struggles at Loftus Road . Gary Neville has called for Van Gaal to ditch his favoured 3-5-2 formation . Yet the 26-year-old German international could be prepared to stay in the Bundesliga, even if Dortmund fail to qualify for the Champions League. Qualification to be among Europe's elite looks extremely unlikely given they are 12 points behind fourth place, but Hummels appears prepared to wait it out. Speaking to Die Welt, Hummels said: 'We have worked to the maximum in every game but a few times but opponents were better than us. We have to get up and move up the ranks as soon as possible. 'Would I play in Dortmund without the Champions League? I do not think qualification for the Champions League will be the only requirement to be happy.' Mats Hummels has revealed that Champions League football is not the 'only requirement to be happy' Hummels (right) signs autographs after a training session in La Manga, Spain, last week .	Gary Neville wants Louis van Gaal to move away from three at the back . Former Red reckons United are more dangerous when playing 4-4-2 . Stats show Manchester United are more productive with four defenders . Neville was analysing Van Gaal's team on Monday Night Football . Click here for Manchester United transfer news .
By . Daily Mail Reporter . An East Tennessee couple have been charged with murder after an autopsy revealed the man's five-year-old daughter had been forced to drink more than two liters of grape soda and water. Alexa Linboom was suffering from extreme brain damage when she was brought to an emergency room on January 1, 2012, by her father, Randall Vaughn and her stepmother, Mary. An investigation found the young girl had been forced to drink the water and soda in one to two hours as punishment after taking one of her stepmother's drinks. Murder charge: Randall and Mary Vaughn allegedly forced his daughter to drink excessive amounts of soda . The huge intake of fluid caused her brain to swell and herniate, which led to her death on January 3, 2012. Vaughn, 41 ,and his wife, 58, have been charged with first-degree murder, two counts of aggravated child neglect and aggravated child abuse. Attorney-general Berkeley Bell told the Times News that after allegedly forcing their child to drink an excessive amount of fluid, they failed to seek immediate medical help. 'Our position is it was a matter of several hours after the child started exhibiting serious symptoms, after the child was screaming out in pain, went into a paralyzed state, and became unconscious [that they sought help,' Bell said. After a two-year investiagtion it was found that Alexa was killed by acute fluid intoxication , which caused hyponatremic encephalopathy. Killed: Alexa Linboom, five, suffered brain damage after being made to drink 2l of fluid in under two hours . Bell said there was no history of abuse on record at the Vaughan family home, but added: 'They did employ some alternative forms of punishment.' 'Allegedly the child, as a form of punishment, was forced to drink grape drinks, as well as a great deal of water, to the point that her body became water intoxicated,' Bell said. 'That led to her brain swelling and all of her systems shutting down, and to her eventual brain death.' Alexa's biological mother lives out of state and six other children who were living in the Vaughan house are now in foster care. The couple are being held on $500,000 bond and are due to appear in court on Friday. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.	Alexa Linboom suffered extreme brain damage after being made to drink more than 2 liters of fluid in under two hours . Child was allegedly being punished for taking step-mom's drink .
An Oregon psychic is accused of using her daughter as part of a 'sweetheart swindle' to extort millions of dollars from the ageing heir of a tree farm fortune in an incredible scam that spanned 10 years. Prosecutors allege Rachel Lee, 43, of Oregon, and her daughter, Porsha Lee, 25, created an intricate plot that convinced the elderly victim that Porsha was his wife and that they had together produced a young son named Giorgio Armani. The decade-long scheme allegedly saw the fortune of Ralph Raines Jr., 67 - the sole heir to Raines Tree Farm, which had been in his family for three generations - liquidated of $20 million, leaving him with just $200,000. The mother-daughter team used the proceeds to go on high-flying trips to Las Vegas, buy expensive cars - a convertible Ferrari with 'MRBIG' plates and a 1955 Chevrolet Bel Air convertible - as well as several properties, according to Oregon Live. The intricate conspiracy began in 2004 when Raines traveled from his family's 1,300-acre tree farm in Gaston to Bend for a farming conference. Incredible swindle: Rachel Lee, 43, allegedly spent 10 years scamming an ageing Oregon timber heir, liquidating him of an alleged $20 million, using a plot where her own daughter, Porsha Lee, 25, convinced the man she was his wife . There he met Rachel Lee, who had a local psychic business, and allegedly cottoned on to the wealth that Raines commanded. Lee kept in close touch with Raines and, in 2006, Raines hired her as a caretaker for his father, Ralph Sr., who had suffered a stroke, according to a feature in Willamette Week. Court records claim Lee was soon in charge of the family's finances. Later that year, Raines bought a $915,000 house in Portland, to which Lee's family moved. The scam took a major turn in 2008 when Lee introduced her daughter into her plannings. Porsha Lee - then 17 - put on a blonde wig, heavy makeup and faked a British accent, and was introduced to Raines as a as Mary Marks, a UK resident who needed a green card. Raines told investigators who quickly fell for the woman's charms, especially when she told him she wanted to have a child together. 'Ms Marks' said she wanted to have the child through IVF, convincing Raines to donate his sperm. Stroke: Lees first gained the trust of the family by working as a caretaker for Ralph Raines Sr. (picutred), who suffered a stroke in 2006 . She told him she was going to California to have the baby and later returned with a son, which she told Raines was his. The baby actually belonged to Porsha's sister, Samantha. Somehow, Porsha managed to brainwash Raines into believing they were married. During this time Lee had established joint bank accounts for her daughter and her husband and was allegedly extorting money into accounts of her own. The plot took another turn in 2011 when Ralph Raines Sr. died, with Rachel and Porsha Lee handling his $5 million estate. Rachel Lee went on to convince Raines to sell the family farm for $12.3 million, saying that he needed money for inheritance taxes. As the sale went through, Lee and boyfriend, Blancey Lee, bought themselves luxury cars - a $200,000 Ferrari convertible and a $300,000 Bentley Mulsanne - went on a gambling trip to Vegas, bought properties they used as rentals and opened four psychic shops. Last year, Lee allegedly kept her conspiracy going by convincing Raines he was bankrupt and getting to sell up the remainder the properties in his name. However it all came crashing down when an anonymous source notified police of suspicions they had over what was happening to Raines. The Internal Revenue Service were then pulled into it and started building a case. Federal agents arrested Rachel Lee and Porsha Lee at their psychic shop in Bend in May this year. Prosecutors allege they had swapped their iPhones for disposable cells and had suitcases waiting by the door at the time of the arrest, suggesting they were trying to skip town. Generations-old estate: Raines was the heir to Washington County logging company Raines Tree Farm . Porsha Lee also had about $40,000 cash in her underwear. She is expected to get about three years in prison at her April 15 sentencing after pleading guilty to her charges. She declined comment after Wednesday’s hearing before a federal judge in Portland. Her mother, Rachel Lee, pleaded guilty in the same case last fall and will be sentenced next month. As the mastermind, she is expected to spend seven to nine years in prison. Both were charged with conspiring to commit wire fraud, engaging in monetary transactions in criminally deprived property, and conspiracy to commit transactional money laundering. Wealthy: The company was worth millions of dollars after being built up over the years and was left to Raines . The prosecutor noted that even today, with the guilty pleas, Raines believes he has a wife named Mary Marks and a son. It is unclear whether he suffers from dementia or any other mental health difficulties. However investigators, according to Willamette Weekly, said that Raines tried to stand up for Lees and her daughter when police informed him what had happened. He told them he had given Lees $4 million as a gift. This behavior is said to be common in cases like this, as the victims are often ashamed of family and friends learning what had been done to them.	Rachel Lee, 41, masterminded a plot to liquidate the fortune of Oregon timber heir Ralph Raines Jr., 67, prosecutors say . She spent 10 years infiltrating the wealthy family and pilfered money from their estate once having their trust . Used daughter Porsha Lee, 25, who persuaded Raines to fall in love with her . Lee and her boyfriend used the money to buy luxury cars, property and go on gambling trips to Las Vegas . She stole a minimum of $12 million and a maximum of $20 million .
PARIS, France (CNN)  -- When he was just 28 Mathieu Kassovitz won the Best Director award at the Cannes film festival for his controversial movie "La Haine". Kassovitz says the best way to see the city is on the back of a motor scooter. Since then he has melted hearts playing Nino in "Amélie" and has made his mark in Hollywood as an actor and a director, starring in Steven Spielberg's "Munich" and directing psychological horror "Gothika". My City, My Life spoke to Kassovitz about movie-making, creativity and life in Paris. CNN: How does it feel to be part of Paris film history and growing up in the birthplace of modern cinema? Mathieu Kassovitz: It's very inspirational to have seen all these movies that made French movie history and film history, period, and being able to go to the same places and see where all these pre-war movies were made. Paris is still the same as it was, so the spirit is the same also and it's kind of elevating for us directors to be in a town with a city soul, a lot of soul. So it gives you a lot of opportunities and ways of not just showing a city, but the spirit of that city; so that's what we keep on doing today. CNN: What do you think it is about Paris that encourages creativity in people? Mathieu Kassovitz: Buildings are, of course, amazing and locations are so cinematic that it's a pleasure for a director to shoot in a town like that. But especially the spirit of it, and the spirit of the Parisians, the way the city coexists with everybody and that mixture of different people and of different backgrounds. All that makes Paris inspirational for us. CNN: What was it that made you decide to become a film-maker? Mathieu Kassovitz: Becoming a film-maker was, I think, a decision that I took while watching movies. It's just a way to express myself and a way to just try to bring to people when I walk around a city, when I see something. I became a director because I am urban: I live in a very urban and fast city. You go from place to place and you never stay in one place and that's what gives you the energy. And it's so cinematic, you can't avoid it. CNN: Are Parisians the most stylish people in the world and are the men really the most romantic? Mathieu Kassovitz: I think that men are not romantic anywhere in the world and Paris won't make it change. Stylistically talking, I think Parisians have a pretty good sense of taste and they know how to handle themselves. And I think French people, the Parisians especially, are kind of classy. CNN: Your characters are always telling interesting anecdotes and little stories. Where does that come from? Mathieu Kassovitz: All those anecdotes are really part of what we are in France. We like to talk a lot, we like to scrutinize everything and just not let it go that fast. So we question everything, everything we do, everything that we see, and that's part of our culture. CNN: You're pretty big time now, why are you still here and not living in the Hollywood Hills? Mathieu Kassovitz: Why am I still here? Because this is the most beautiful city in the world! I wouldn't live in L.A. for any money in the world; it's no relationship, no comparison. Paris is a city with soul, it's a city with a past. You can feel it everywhere and I'm a part of it, I can't avoid it. CNN: Are they any places you'd go to relax or just reflect on what you are doing? Mathieu Kassovitz: No, in the city here, no, no, no. You know, my take on the city is that there is no specific place: the whole thing is crazy, the whole thing is inspirational. I don't go to places, I just drive around and I see things. I look at people more than the buildings -- and that's what makes stories. CNN: What is it that makes it stay the same, what's it's heartbeat that makes Paris? Mathieu Kassovitz: The heartbeat is Parisians. Parisians are obnoxious and impolite and everything you can imagine about them. But they are also very co-operative within themselves and are pretty open to everything else. CNN: Do you think that there's one place in Paris that stands out amongst the others? Mathieu Kassovitz: I think what I like about Paris are unknown and unnamed little streets that are not on the map, and the history that goes with it. CNN: Do you think that you truly have to be part of a city, to share a history with it, to truly represent it as a director? Mathieu Kassovitz: You have to know what you are talking about. It's interesting to go to a city that you don't know about and try to represent it but I don't think that you'll be able to bring the soul of the city in the movie. It takes a lot of time for me to get to another city -- anywhere in the world -- and like it, because I like this one so much and I know it so much that this is home. Anywhere else is not home. CNN: If Paris was a person, how would you describe it to friends? Mathieu Kassovitz: A good-looking girl with a big mouth -- very loud!	Mathieu Kassovitz was just 28 when he won Best Director at Cannes for "La Haine" Success in Hollywood has taken him to L.A. but he prefers to live in Paris . He says Paris is inspirational for a director because of its place in film history . If Paris was a person, he says it would be "a good-looking girl with a big mouth"
MOSCOW, Russia (CNN)  -- A Russian-led bloc of post-Soviet nations has agreed to establish a rapid-reaction military force to combat terrorists and respond to regional emergencies, Russian media reported Wednesday. Russian navy soldiers stand guard during a military ceremony. The decision came a day after reports that Kyrgyzstan is planning to close a strategically important U.S. military base that Washington uses to transport troops and supplies into Afghanistan. On Wednesday, the Collective Security Treaty Organization -- made up of Russia, Armenia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Uzbekistan and Tajikistan -- decided on the rapid-reaction force at a Kremlin summit, the Russian news agency RIA-Novosti reported. The group's security council "spent a long time discussing the central issue of forming collective reaction forces and, generally, of rapid reaction to possible threats," said Russian President Dmitry Medvedev, according to Russian news agency Interfax. "Everyone agreed that the formation of joint forces is necessary," he said. Officials told Russian media that all the members had signed the agreement, though Uzbekistan submitted a special provision. Uzbekistan doesn't mind contributing military units to the rapid-reaction force "but does not consider it necessary for the moment" to attach emergency responders, drug-control forces and other special services, organization spokesman Vitaly Strugovets told Interfax. Russian media reported that the force will be used to fight military aggressors, conduct anti-terror operations, battle regional drug trafficking and respond to natural disasters. The force will be based in Russia under a single command, with member nations contributing military units. On Tuesday, Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiyev announced at a Moscow news conference that "all due procedures" were being initiated to close Manas Air Base, RIA-Novosti reported. The announcement was made after news reports of a multimillion-dollar aid package from Russia to Kyrgyzstan. Gen. David Petraeus, who oversees U.S. operations in the Middle East and Central Asia, including Afghanistan, was in Kyrgyzstan last month, partly to lobby the government to allow the United States to keep using the base. He said he and Kyrgyz leaders did not discuss "at all" the possible closure of the base and said local officials told him there was "no foundation" for news reports about the issue. The United States is planning to send an additional 30,000 troops to Afghanistan to halt a resurgence of the Taliban. Petraeus described Manas as having "an important role in the deployment of these forces" and in refueling aircraft. The relationship between the United States and Kyrgyzstan was damaged when a Kyrgyz citizen was killed by a U.S. airman in December 2006. The airman was transferred out of Kyrgyzstan, and the dead man's family was offered compensation. Petraeus said in January that the investigation was being reopened. As he announced the base closure Tuesday, Bakiyev said he was not satisfied with the inquiry into the accident and his government's "inability to provide security to its citizens" was proving a serious concern.  Medvedev also weighed in on the issue Wednesday, saying the base closure shouldn't hamper anti-terrorism operations, according to Interfax. "It would be great if their numbers meant there were fewer terrorists, but such action depends on other things as well," he said.	Seven nations agree to form rapid-reaction force . Russian media say force will fight terrorism, respond to disasters . It will be based in Russia under a single command . Report comes after Kyrgyzstan says it will close U.S. base .
4: Neymar (Brazil) 3: Thomas Muller (Germany), Arjen Robben (Holland), Robin van Persie (Holland), Enner Valencia (Ecuador), Karim Benzema (France) 2: Mario Mandzukic (Croatia), Lionel Messi (Argentina), Andre Ayew (Ghana), Gervinho (Ivory Coast), James Rodriguez (Colombia), Clint Dempsey (USA), Tim Cahill (Australia), Luis Suarez (Uruguay), Ivan Perisic (Croatia), Memphis Depay (Holland) The 2014 version of the Brazil national football team is so full of holes it remains distinctly possible that somebody could yet give them a rather embarrassing hiding over the next fortnight. Nevertheless, in the shape of their remarkable forward Neymar they boast a young footballer who seems determined to make this World Cup his own. Can one player drive a nation to the ultimate glory all by himself? Maybe not but he can make a heck of a difference and in the capital of his country last night, Neymar ensured his team ended the group stages on a rapturous high. Certainly the Barcelona forward has tapped in to the emotion and warmth of this tournament. On Monday night he got pushed in to the photographers by one Cameroon player and slapped in the face by another. He responded with goals, though, beautiful goals, and after each he was waving his arms at the crowd, imploring them to offer more from the towering stands of the magnificent Estadio Nacional. VIDEO Scroll down for Neymar scores from a corner with outside of his left boot . Star man: Neymar (pictured) scored twice during Brazil's Group A win against Cameroon . Strike: The Brazil youngster gave his side the lead with a right-footed finish in the 17th minute . Quiet: Dani Alves (left), David Luiz join Neymar as he hold his ear to the crowd . VIDEO Neymar better than Pele . Cameroon: Itandje 6; Nyom 5.5, Nkoulou 5.5, Matip 6, Bedimo 5; Mbia 6, Nguemo 6, Enoh 6.5; Choupo Moting 6 (Makoun 80, 5.5), Aboubakar 5.5 (Webo 71, 6), Moukandjo 6 (Salli 57, 5). Subs not used: Feudjou, Assou-Ekotto, Djeugoue, Nounkeu, Eto'o, Chedjou, Webo, Fabrice, N'Djock. Bookings: Enoh, Mbia . Goals: Matip 26' Brazil: Julio Cesar 6; Alves 6, Silva 6, Luiz 6, Marcelo 5.5; Paulinho 5 (Fernandinho 45, 7.5), Luiz Gustavo 6.5, Oscar 6; Hulk 6 (Ramires 63, 5.5), Neymar 8 (Willian 71, 6); Fred 6.5 . Subs not used: Jefferson, Dante, Maxwell, Henrique, Hernanes, Bernard, Jo, Maicon, Victor. Goals: Neymar 17, 34', Fred 49', Fernandinho 84' Att: 69,112 . MOM: Neymar . Referee: Jonas Eriksson (Sweden) 6.5 . It was a terrific sight, even if it didn’t completely mask Brazil’s frailties. There are simply too many of those to ignore but – after the lumbering Fred added a third goal in the second half and Manchester City’s Fernandinho came on to score a fantastic fourth  - it ensured that 70,000 people went home optimistic rather than concerned for the durability of Luiz Felipe Scolari’s side. As the dust settled, it was hard to ignore Fernandinho’s impact. It is rather mysterious why Scolari doesn’t start with him. He is exactly the kind of pragmatic, intuitive holding player that this team needs. The goal he scored was lovely, too. By the end, as Cameroon tired and ragged, Brazil had begun to knock the ball around with confidence and played their best football of the night and perhaps even the tournament so far. Fernandinho’s goal came on the back of that football as four passes were exchanged to allow him to advance and poke a perfect shot across goalkeeper Charles Itandje and in to the far corner. As auditions for a place in the last sixteen tie against Chile go, it was pretty convincing stuff from a player who did so much to assist City’s reclaiming of the Barclays Premier League trophy. It is hard, though, to watch this Brazil team without being drawn to the sight of Neymar’s imperious play. A footballer with perfect balance, dextrous feet and a scrapper’s heart, he is a middleweight who punching ferociously at the highest level. On Monday night Brazil did what Brazil do, which is to look capable and completely incapable at the same time, depending on which half of the field you were looking at. This is a team that often looks lost when it doesn’t have the ball, a team through which panic spreads when even the most basic set-piece is delivered in to their penalty area. Follow my lead: Neymar scored again in the 34th minute as he strike got the better of Charles Itandje . Qualified: Brazil are through to the last 16 of the 2014 World Cup after the win against Cameroon . Jubilant: Joel Matip (centre) celebrates scoring Cameroon's first goal of the game against Brazil . Back in it: Cameroon got themselves back into the game but their joy was to be short-lived . Fred scored his first World Cup goal in eight years as he headed home against Cameroon - Click here to find out more from our brilliant Match Zone service . Safe: Fred nodded home a David Luiz cross to put his side into the driver's seat against the Indomitable Lions . Setback: The Brazilian's react as a Joel Matip strike bring Cameroon back into the game . Game over: Brazil's Fred (9) heads the ball home to give Brazil a 3-1 lead in the second half . Click here to see more from our brilliant Match Zone - including this touch map of Neymar's second goal of the game . But when he needed them to calm their nerves, Neymar did not fail them. That is why he is the talisman of Scolari’s team. Shoved in to the hoardings by Allan Nyom early on here, Brazil’s golden child ignored the offer of a handshake and exacted perfect retribution by scoring the opening goal. Luiz Gustavo hussled for – and won – the ball down the left and advanced to cross low towards Neymar who opened his body and side-footed the ball left to right across Itandje and in to the corner. It was a super goal. Moments later Neymar crashed a volley goalwards from 18 yards and though Itandje saved it looked as though Brazil would run riot. Instead their own defensive frailties allowed Cameroon back in to the contest and for 15 minutes we saw the very worst of the hosts. Gap: The Brazilian forward wheels away to celebrate giving the Selecao a 3-1 lead . Royalty: Prince Harry (centre) applauds after Brazil's second goal of the game . Dani Alves sliced one cross over his own bar in the 25th minute and then headed a corner against his own post and over. From the next set piece Cameroon scored. The ball was cleared to the left side and when Nyom picked it up, beat the flat-footed Alves at the second attempt and crossed low to the far post, David Luiz was caught on his heels as Joel Matip ambled in to score. It was an equaliser that Cameroon deserved. They had shown some spirit and some ambition. Pain: Neymar was substituted in the 71st minute after jarring his knee but it was though to be a precaution . Jubilant: David Luiz (left) roars with delight as his team all but secure a place in the last 16 . Complaining: Marcelo shouts after being fouled in the first half . Soon, though, Neymar arrived to hurt them again, running on to a Marcelo header, cutting inside on to his right foot to shoot low to the goalkeeper’s left from 18 yards. That rather discouraged Cameroon and thereafter there was just one winner. Fred looked offside when he headed in Luiz’s cross in the 50th minute but as Brazil flourished late on there was no disputing the quality of Fernandinho’s goal. By then Neymar had departed after one heavy tackle too many. A nation will pray for his recovery. In the air: The Barcelona star falls during the Group A World Cup clash . Battle: Benjamin Moukandjo (centre) is harrassed by Neymar and Mercelo (right) Fall: Cameroon's midfielder Enoh Eyong (left) fails to get the ball of Chelsea star Oscar .	Neymar scores twice to help Brazil into the World Cup last 16 with a win against Cameroon . Fred grabbed his first World Cup goal in eight years to put Brazil into a 3-1 lead . Joel Matip put Cameroon level in the first half . Cameroon crash out of the summer tournament .
(CNN) -- We hear a lot about children with autism. But adults on the spectrum face their own set of challenges. One of the big ones? Finding and getting a job that fits their unique talents and temperaments. CNN recently profiled Sarah Still, a woman with Asperger's syndrome (a high-functioning variant of autism) who has had a tough time finding the right career environment. Her story seemed to bring up as many questions as it answered, so we enlisted her, along with a couple of experts, to address them in a live Facebook chat. Joining Still in the chat were Dave Wellman of Myriad Genetics, who has worked with and managed employees with autism as well as having a son with Asperger's, and Becky Ketts of Nobis Works, which provides job training for those with disabilities and other barriers. You can read the full transcript of the chat on Facebook, or scan through the highlights below to find out how people with autism can confront the challenges they face when finding a job. Some responses have been edited for clarity. What is the No. 1 challenge you see with those on the spectrum trying to find employment? Ketts: The No. 1 challenge our agency faces when trying put someone with a disability to work is either lack of work experience or a gap in employment. With the job market being so competitive, it is difficult to sell people as the most qualified and capable when the work history does not reflect this. This is why our agency focuses on giving people that we serve an advantage over others by training them to be excellent employees to match local employers' needs. Still: The No. 1 challenge would be to find places that are not invading all the senses at one time: too many people, bright fluorescent lights and sudden chaotic noises, where there is no room to breathe and be yourself. Those are major challenges. Many (people with autism) are extremely sensitive and it gets to us much more than regular people. For me sudden and loud abrasive people and places really do not sit well. I have to leave really fast when it gets too overwhelming. I have to go be by myself and cover my ears often. What do you wish employers knew about those with autism and Asperger's? Wellman: People with autism have unique talents and they can be some of your best employees. Get to know them. They don't need to be micro-managed or get special treatment. Simply give them a challenge, the support that they need and then get out of the way. Ketts: Employers need to be flexible when working with people with all disabilities. Most of the time, it is not as important how something is done as that it is done safely and correctly within the set time frame. Our focus is to make sure that someone is equal and not "special" in the workplace. Sometimes this takes some accommodations, but people with disabilities should be expected to be able to perform the essential functions of the job. I hired someone with Asperger's -- now what? Are there careers that Aspies excel in more than others? Wellman: One of the most important things is to pick the right career. Sales and marketing may be a bigger challenge because those fields need people who are more socially adept, but mathematicians and engineers need a gift for logic and reason. Just help them pick a field that is better suited for people on the spectrum. Is there a list of "disability-friendly" employers? Ketts: Usually agencies like mine develop those regionally. It's all about relationships and supportive employers. There are some that are large national chains and some are mom and pop operations. We try to focus on finding a job for each person based on what they would like to do rather than trying to fit people into certain jobs/employers. As a person with autism, would it be safe to tell employers during the interview that you have autism? Wellman: I would wait to tell your employer. Every employee is unique and has strengths and weaknesses. During the interview process, focus on your strengths and what it is you can offer your employer. Once you land that job, build up trust with your manager, and then if you feel comfortable with sharing that you have autism, do so, but be prepared to help them understand what it means to have autism, including the opportunities. I have Asperger's and I'm just like you . It's hard enough to get a job, and Asperger's does sometimes get in the way. Any advice on how to get jobs? Wellman: There is no question that finding a job can be a challenge for any of us. For those with Asperger's, my advice is that a little interview coaching can go a long way. One of the key things employers look for is someone that is a cultural fit to the company and team. It's a hard process for everyone involved in the interviewing process. An interview coach can help with how to answer questions and present the best you that you can be. Check with your local university or community college: Schools often host interviewing workshops for the public, and you don't need to be a student or a graduate. What can parents of those on the spectrum do to help prep their children for the workplace? Ketts: It is important for parents to realize that autism does not make it impossible to work, by any means. It may mean that someone will need a specific environment that fits their needs. It is also important for everyone to realize that employers (as well as the general public) will eventually expect someone with any disability to be able to function in the world. I think it is very natural for parents to want to protect or shield their child from anything unpleasant or uncomfortable, but it will be something that will happen eventually. Having expectations of responsibility, chores, school work, etc. is important for any child to transition from school to work. Wellman: One of the most important things is to help your child pick the right career. Spend time exploring different careers. Mathematics, computer science, graphic design are all great options for people on the spectrum. My brother always says I need to get my son into the best business school I can because of how he loves to organize things. Growing up autistic . Have you found it important to speak out publicly on workplace issues? Wellman: Yes, I feel that it has been very important to speak up. People can make harsh and often incorrect judgments about those on the autistic spectrum. If we, who understand the challenges of those living on the spectrum, don't speak up now, then the day may come where we wish we had, but can't. Ketts: I find it's important to show success stories about people on the autism spectrum going to work and successfully keeping a job. If nothing else, it gives people hope.	Experts weigh in on how people with autism can find the right career environment . "People with autism have unique talents," explains Dave Wellman . Check out the highlights of our Q&A below, or read the whole transcript on Facebook .
(CNN) -- It was Donald Trump's long-held dream. To build the best links golf course in the world in Scotland, as a tribute to his late mother who was born in the country. But it is fast turning into a nightmare for the billionaire business tycoon. After initial opposition to the project from environmental groups, Trump now has a green problem of his own, in the shape of an offshore wind farm. With the Trump International Golf Links ready for action from July, Trump has shelved plans for an adjoining hotel until a decision is made on the wind farm. Blowing in the wind: Trump to ditch $1bn Scottish golf resort? And he was in Scotland this week to accuse the government of luring him into his Â£1 bn project by telling him the offshore developemtn would never be built. He told CNN he plans to sue, unless the development is abandoned. "If an administration that's previous gives a statement, and if you rely on that statement, and then you build and spend tens of millions of pounds in this case, building this great course -- if you do that and rely on certain statements, and the next administration say 'Well, we're not going to (do that)', then I think that is unfair.. "I don't think that is good business. I think people looking to invest in Scotland will look at this and say 'Well, we'll invest some place else.' "I will sue if they try to advance it further, I will be suing Scotland." Trump said he would never have begun his project on the east coast of Scotland if he thought the mooted wind farm was a possibility. He says he received assurances from Alex Salmond at a dinner in New York back in 2007 that the offshore development, which is just a mile from his course, would not go ahead. Trump told the committee that pursuing the construction of wind farms could, in his opinion, be the ruination of Scotland. "The last thing I needed was to build a course in Scotland," he told CNN. "But the land was so incredible and in honor of my mother, who was born in Scotland, I thought it'd be a great idea. "So I decided to do it and it came out even better than I thought." Two groups of protestors gathered outside the Scottish parliament for Trump's visit -- those who support his opposition to wind farms, and those who claim his development has spoiled an area of outstanding natural beauty. But advocates of Scotland's policy of embracing renewable energy projects insist the government should not be blown off course by entrepreneurs like Trump. Niall Stuart, CEO of Scottish Renewables, insists the country's reputation for being at the forefront of the sustainable energy campaign must be maintained. "Our government is absolutely committed to maximizing not just the environmental benefits of renewable energy but also the economic and employment benefits of renewable energy," he told CNN. "Actually it's that political commitment to renewables that has put Scotland on the map internationally."	Tycoon Donald Trump threatens to sue the Scottish government over wind farm plans . Trump opposes plans to build wind farm near his new golf course in Aberdeenshire . Billionaire claims Scotland's first minister told him wind farm would not go ahead . Trump has faced criticism of his golf and hotel complex from environmental groups .
Here's a gallery that will go off with a bang in the art world. Austrian-born photographer Sabine Pearlman created a series of intriguing images showing ammunitions that have been neatly cut in half. Titled 'Ammo', the reveal the surprisingly varied and intricate contents inside. Great shots: Pictured left is a 9x19mm Cobra 'High Safety Ammunition' with steel darts inside a polymer sabot and (right) a 9x19mm bullet, according to a reader on Reddit . Pearlman, who moved to Los Angeles in . 2004, shot 900 cross-sections of ammo found in a Second World War bunker in Switzerland last October. The Otis College of Art and Design and Santa Monica College graduate documented the meticulous and dangerous beauty that lies beneath the bullets' casings. Pearlman said: 'I was originally intrigued by the ambiguous nature of the subject matter. 'The cross-sections reveal a hidden . complexity and beauty of form, which stands in vast contrast to the . destructive purpose of the object. A 62x51mm plastic short-range training tracer bullet (left) and (right) a 6.5x55mm wood bullet blank, according to a reader on Reddit . 'It is a representation of the evil and the beautiful, a reflection of the human condition.' The ammo was cut in half by a munitions specialist who devised a technique to defuse the rounds before cutting them in half. 'It is a dangerous process, especially if you don’t know what you’re doing!,' warns Pearlman. Pearlman graduate documented the meticulous and dangerous beauty that lies beneath the bullets' casings .	Austrian-born photographer Sabine Pearlman came up with the idea . She shot 900 cross-sections of ammo found in Second World War bunker . Her work reveals surprisingly varied and intricate contents inside bullets .
By . Anna Edwards . PUBLISHED: . 04:42 EST, 12 October 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 11:06 EST, 12 October 2012 . A masked thug has taken to YouTube to threaten boxing champion Amir Khan and crow about allegedly 'knocking him out' when he reportedly attacked the boxer and his brother. Police are investigating the video which followed reports Khan, 25, and younger brother Haroon, 20, had beaten off six would-be car-jackers in Digbeth, Birmingham, in the early hours of Monday morning. The pair were allegedly targeted by a gang of six, and the former world light-welterweight champion reportedly knocked one of them out with a flurry of blows, before he and his brother drove away. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO . The masked thug threatened boxer Amir Khan and held up a wallet, which he claimed was the former world champion's . The thug dangled some Porsche car keys that he claimed were Khan's - but then goes on to say that the champion drove away from the scene . Boxer Amir Khan has refused to comment on the claims . In a video posted on social networking sites yesterday a masked man gave his own foul-mouthed version of events and shrieked a series of threats to the Bolton-based champ. He screams into the camera: 'I'll rip your f****** head off. You know the truth, we know the truth. You got knocked the f*** out. 'Next time you can bring an army. Who gives a f*** if you're Amir Khan. You're not a hero here, you're a zero.' The video, which looks like it was filmed in someone's living room, came after the reported punch-up in Adelaide Street, Digbeth, when the boxing brothers were said to have been targeted by robbers, who were trying to steal Amir's £100,000 Range Rover. In the two-part video, the masked man holds aloft belongings including a bag, wallet and car keys, which he claims belong to the former world titleholder. The footage has led to a West Midlands Police's now investigating the incident, after they originally said they had been called to reports of a disorder but had not found any sign of an assault. A spokesman said: 'We originally said we are not investigating the alleged incident, but have now revised our position.' Officers are trying to untangle the details of what exactly happened. Amir Khan's representative refused to comment on the allegations. On . the day of the alleged fight Amir Khan tweeted a comment which seemed . to dismiss the story that he was attacked that said 'silly rumours pple make up.' He laughed off reports about the attack in a press conference about his future fights the day after the alleged attack, by showing his undamaged hands and face. The thug, who filmed it in what appears to be a living room, told the boxer that he would 'smash him up' if he came back to Birmingham . The thug points to a video of the boxer being beaten in a match and accuses him of having 'wobbling legs' Amir Khan was born in Bolton, Lancashire in 1986. He began to box competitively at just 11-years-old. The 2004 Silver medal Olympic podium Amir Khan has become Britain's highest-profile boxer . He became the World Light Welterweight Champion in July 2009  after beating Andreas Kotelnik. In 2007 Khan was convicted of careless driving and given a six-month driving ban and a £1000 fine. He was punished for hitting and breaking the leg of Geoffrey Hatton in 3006. Mr Hatton was using a pelican crossing in Bolton while Khan was travelling at 47 mph in a 30 mph zone and overtaking in the wrong lane. Another version of events that night, which reported that the gang were defeated by the Khan brothers, clearly rankled the man on the video, who wore a balaclava to conceal his face while he shrieked into the camera. He screeched: 'Ask him to explain this: Why have I got his f***ing Porsche keys, you waste, why have I got this Louis Vitton f***ing wallet - it's yours, you waste, and it's got your €500 in it.' At one point, the man points to video footage of Khan's being hit by Breidis Prescott in 2008 and taunts: 'Look at those legs wobble. Does this man look like he can knock out six men? He looks like a samba dance. Your chin looks big on TV. 'You're not welcome in Birmingham, every time you come we're going to smash you up.' In an official statement last night, a West Midlands Police spokesman said: 'Police are investigating reports of an alleged criminal incident on Adelaide Street, Birmingham at around 1.23am on Monday, October 8.' Detective Inspector Dawn Miskella said: 'Police are investigating reports of an alleged criminal incident on Adelaide Street, Birmingham at around 1:23am on Monday 8 October.' Amir Khan allegedly faced a group of attackers who pounced on him as he walked to his car .	Amir Khan and his brother Haroon allegedly targeted by gang of six who tried to steal their car . Boxing pair allegedly fought them off in Birmingham street and drove away . Hooded thug took to YouTube to give his version of events . Police are investigating but Amir Khan's representative refuses to comment .
By . Jaya Narain . A mother has spoken out after she was ordered to stop breastfeeding her baby in a public swimming pool. Stephanie Wilby said she felt humiliated when pool staff threatened to throw her out unless she stopped, and believes she should have the right to breastfeed wherever she chooses. The 22-year-old was in the water from her waist down feeding her four-month-old son Leo in the corner of a toddler pool as other children and their parents splashed about. New mother Stephanie Wilby was ordered to stop breastfeeding her four-month-old son Leo in a swimming pool at the Manchester Aquatics Centre after staff claimed feeding her son was 'indecent exposure' and similar to someone urinating in the pool . She said that ‘in a matter of seconds’ a lifeguard approached and told her she would have to stop immediately. When Mrs Wilby, who was in the pool . with husband Alan and 17-month-old daughter Harmonie, asked why, she . claims she was told it was not hygienic. She asked to speak to a manager, but they agreed with the lifeguard and said security would be called if she did not stop. Manchester Council said an investigation has been launched into the incident at the Aquatics Centre, which is run by Serco and the Manchester Sport and Leisure Trust, part of the council. Thousands of readers have had their say on the website and on Twitter about whether Stephanie Wilby should have been breastfeeding little Leo in the pool: . Lily McPhilimey @PixiegirlLily tweeted: 'No breastfeeding #MailOnline I'm all for feeding but even I wouldn't there!' Martin, from Oxford commented: 'I don't see there is a problem. breastfeeding is the most natural thing in the world. I worry about some people I really do.' xcountmeinx, from Hereford, said: 'Not in a swimming pool for heavens sake.'Living life by FISH, from London, commented: 'Fair enough - I can't eat in the swimming pool nor can you little one! But it's not "indecent"'Linda Malaga, from Malaga in Spain added: 'I agree wholeheartedly with breastfeeding in public provided it is done in a discreet manner and not in full view of everyone. Feeding in a public swimming pool is completely wrong! After all you wouldn't eat your lunch whilst waist deep in a public swimming pool would you????' Kim from North Lincs said: 'Totally disgusting, why should the rest of us and our kids be exposed to her feeding her baby in a pool, there is a time and a place for heavens sake. Sick of breast feeding mums trying to make a point at the expense of the rest if us.' Touchwood, from Falkirk added: 'There's a time and a place; this wasn't the latter.' Sandy Brown, from London, said: 'What is wrong with these women who do this. If you wish to feed your kid, then go somewhere else. Not where people are swimming.'Jeanie, from Devon, commented: 'I'm concerned that she was 'waist deep' in the water, it doesn't seem the safest place for a tiny baby breastfeeding or not. could have been handled better though obviously.'Louby87, from Grimsby, said: 'Certainly not the place for this. She must have known her baby was due for a feed so why get in the pool, she should have waited until after.'Sue, from Sheffield, said: 'She definitely should not do that in a swimming pool really disgusting.' Diamonds are forever, from Hampshire, added: 'Yes he was right !!! There is a time and place for every thing...I wouldn't want to swim in her breast milk...nor if or when her child throws it back up again......Get real its a public bath !!' Mrs Wilby said she was then surrounded by pool staff threatening to throw her out unless she obeyed them. She said one staff member told her . breastfeeding in a pool was akin to a swimmer urinating in the water and . also amounted to ‘indecent exposure’. Bosses at the state-of-the-art . Manchester Aquatics Centre, a training venue for last year’s Olympics . and Paralympics, have apologised about the  incident on Sunday . afternoon. Last night Mrs Wilby, who is on . maternity leave from her customer service job at British Gas, said: ‘I . should be allowed to breastfeed where I want. ‘As long as I do so tactfully and I . am in within the law then I should not be harassed by people  telling me . to stop. I was  humiliated and it was very distressing. ‘But the staff could not tell me under what law or rule I was being told to stop. ‘I even asked about feeding at the . side of the pool but they said that was not allowed and said I should go . to the changing rooms or toilet. ‘They made a real scene. They were . saying me breastfeeding was indecent exposure but I was covered more . than most of the other swimmers. ‘One staff member also said he would . stop a man urinating in the pool and that is why they did not want me . breastfeeding in the water.’ Mrs Wilby from Denton, Manchester, said she had only moved to the side of the toddlers’ pool for a few moments to feed her son. ‘It was just a matter of a few . seconds but the response from staff was dreadful. The manner in which . they treated me was aggressive and upsetting and caused me major . embarrassment. ‘If they did not like it they could have asked me quietly to stop,’ she added. ‘I would have still questioned their reasons but it would not have been as inappropriate.’ Mrs Wilby, whose husband also works . in customer  service, added: ‘This was the worst possible customer . service I have ever come across.’ The family have made an official complaint. The aquatics centre, one of the . largest in the country, is run by Serco and Manchester Sport and Leisure . Trust, part of Manchester council, which is investigating. The Equality Act 2010 has made it . illegal for anyone to ask a breastfeeding woman to leave a public place . such as a cafe, shop or public transport. It is not against the law to . prevent a woman breastfeeding where there are legitimate health and . safety risks. Although restaurants and cafes . generally do not have separate breastfeeding areas, some store chains . such as Tesco and Boots do provide dedicated areas away from women’s . toilets. Other businesses have begun displaying stickers on windows telling mothers that breastfeeding is welcome on the premises. Councillor Rosa Battle, executive . member for culture and leisure at Manchester council, said: ‘We keenly . encourage new mothers to use our leisure facilities and they have every . right to breastfeed their babies when they need to do so, in line with . existing legislation. 'We have also asked that the Trust and Serco review their existing policies, to make sure that they reflect the law. ‘As a breastfeeding mother myself, I . expect staff contracted to work in our leisure facilities to understand . and respect women’s right to breastfeed in public places.’ A spokesman for Serco said: ‘We are fully supportive of mothers breastfeeding their child whilst in our centres. ‘Serco’s operating practices are to . encourage breastfeeding in a safe and comfortable environment for both . the mother and child rather than it taking place in the swimming pool. ‘We will fully investigate this . matter and where appropriate we will amend our policies and put in place . appropriate training for staff. ‘We apologise for any inconvenience that was caused.’ Tara Powell was asked to stop breastfeeding her son Preston at the Jobcentre in Bromley . The Mail Online revealed last Wednesday a mother of five burst into tears after she said she was kicked out of a Jobcentre for breastfeeding her baby. Tara Powell had taken her four-month-old son Preston with her to an appointment at the centre in Bromley, south-east London, where she was meeting to discuss her income support money. Miss Powell, of Orpington, said the interviewer then told her she felt 'uncomfortable'. But the mother replied: 'There's nothing uncomfortable about me breastfeeding my son, it's natural.' However the interviewer was said to have told her the breastfeeding was 'disgusting', adding: 'If you do not stop it, I'm terminating this interview'. Mrs Powell added: 'She was raising her voice then she kicked me out and ended the interview. 'I was crying because she did that to me.She kicked me out for breastfeeding my son. I have never ever felt so embarrassed.' Miss Powell said a manager apologised following the incident, and told her the appointment would have to be rebooked. A Department for Work and Pensions spokesman said Miss Powell was offered a private place to feed her baby after the meeting was ended, adding that the incident was being investigated. She said: 'We have apologised to Ms Powell for any inconvenience and confusion caused during her visit to the Jobcentre. 'Mothers are welcome to feed their babies when visiting us. This can take place wherever the mother feels comfortable - either in a public area or a private room if one is available.' A spokesman for We Do It In Public, a campaign group supporting breastfeeding in public, said: 'Perceptions of breastfeeding in public still continues to be a sticking point for both new and experienced mums who choose to breastfeed. 'It's such a shame that as a society we are still seeing cases where people are asked to leave public places, just because they are feeding their baby.'	Stephanie Wilby was feeding four-month-old Leo in the toddler pool . Claims staff at Manchester Aquatics Centre branded it 'indecent exposure' 22-year-old says staff made a scene 'shouting' at her to stop . 'I should be allowed to breastfeed where I want' says mother-of-two .
Hong Kong (CNN) -- Scroll through Kickstarter, and you'll get a kick out the sheer variety of projects with tin cups in hand. A documentary about the Dungeons and Dragons fantasy role-playing game, a zombie board game, even a sprouting pencil -- all are looking for handouts via the popular crowd-funded site. But one project in particular caught our attention in the CNN newsroom. Called "Float," it gives Beijing residents the tools to measure air quality for themselves with pollution-sensing kites. Kites have been flown for recreation, sport and art. But for environmental monitoring? It is the tethered aircraft that got the best of Charlie Brown, and it's now tracking air quality that's among the worst in the world. "There's a long tradition of kite flying and kite making in China," says Xiaowei Wang, a masters candidate at the Harvard School of Graduate Design and one of the co-creators of Float. "There's a large group of enthusiasts, and we really wanted to tap into this existing group of people excited about kites." Float raised over US$4,500 on Kickstarter to hold workshops for Beijing residents to learn how to build and fly pollution-sensing kites. Among those taking part, 40-to-70-year-old Chinese workers and retirees who enjoy flying kites -- including a 72-year-old kitemaster. Blog: Clearing the air in China . The kites are equipped with small modules that detect carbon monoxide, volatile organic compounds (VOC) and particulate matter. Air quality levels are displayed through LED lights that change in color -- from hot pink (which represents the worst air quality) to green (which signifies the best). All data from the flight is stored on an SD card. Xiaowei and her team have held two workshops and a group kite flight in the evening to create a sparkling web of glowing crafts. Float is keen to highlight the visual and sensory experience of their project with Xiaowei telling me, "From the ground looking up, it's like a kite flash mob because the sky is full of all these kites." But a constellation of pollution-sensors in the sky is more than public art or a reboot of a popular pastime. In China, it can be a political challenge. In June, a senior Chinese official demanded that foreign embassies stop issuing air pollution readings. Citing the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations, Deputy Environment Minister Wu Xiaoqing said foreign embassy pollution readings were illegal. U.S. readings challenge China's smog claims . Though Wu did not name any countries in particular, it was seen as throw-down directed at America's diplomatic missions which post hourly air quality readings via Twitter for Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou. The U.S. readings, which frequently rate Beijing's air as "unhealthy," are widely viewed as reliable alternatives to China's own monitoring reports. China may say only it has the right to monitor its air pollution. But Float has untethered China's official grip on air quality data with its high-flying sensors. And they know it. On its Kickstarter page, Float acknowledges the politically sensitive nature of its project. The team writes: "Urban air quality is a serious issue that affects rapidly industrializing cities globally, and within Beijing as the capital of China, it is an issue kept quiet by the government under fear of criticism and protest from the public." Xiaowei insists their project is not seen as threatening, and looks forward to future workshops in Beijing next summer. And with a smile, Xiaowei tells me: "It's hard to imagine the government getting upset with a group of retired guys who enjoy flying kites."	Float gives Beijing residents the tools to measure air quality for themselves with pollution-sensing kites . Air quality is politically-sensitive in China, with official readings not considered accurate . Kites equipped with modules that detect carbon monoxide, volatile organic compounds, particulates . Float: Urban air quality is a serious issue that affects rapidly industrializing cities globally .
(CNN) -- "Any time you're around greatness, like I was for six years, and you see it at close quarters, you're asked about it." Tiger Woods' former swing coach Hank Haney says it happens wherever he goes. With the former world No. 1 back in the headlines for the right reasons, the publication of "The Big Miss: My Years Coaching Tiger Woods" is Haney's chance to tell a few more people. Haney joined Woods' team in 2004 and knew he'd "catch some flack" for penning the book, but he wanted to share his memories of a person he describes as very complex. "I mean very, very complex. He's an incredible champion. You know, he's different. But I expected that," Haney told CNN's Piers Morgan Tonight. "I mean, when you see somebody that's as great as Tiger Woods, there's probably a reason for it. And you wouldn't expect him to be the same as everyone else." Haney spent over 100 days in the company of Woods every year, even staying at his Florida home on occasions. With regular phone conversations, it amounted to the closest relationship Haney has ever had with a player. But they were never really close, according to Haney. "Tiger is pretty closed off. You don't really get a lot of communication from him, or deep conversations," he said. The book reflects "exactly what happened" during their time together right down to publication of some text messages Haney sent to Woods. "I feel like I've been a great friend to you. I don't feel like I've gotten that in return," reads one. It's a move which has come in for criticism from some fellow coaches. Rick Smith, former coach of Phil Mickelson, recently said: "I'd rather be broke and not have a penny to my name before I violate the code of player/teacher confidentiality. For all the guys who've committed their lives to teaching, this should be very upsetting." But Haney rejects charges of betrayal saying the book is honest and fair. "Those rules are not written rules. Those might be rules that Rick and obviously some other people think are rules. But I wasn't bound by any agreement. I didn't violate any agreement," Haney said. The "great friend" text was sent when he resigned and reflects what Haney believes to be the truth. "I always gave an answer that was in the best interest of Tiger Woods. And I didn't feel like that happened in return," Haney said. But there wasn't one single thing which made him want to terminate their relationship. "We had a great time together. Tiger won a lot of tournaments. He won 45% of his tournaments the last three years I worked with him," Haney said. "It was just time for me to go. You know, I had a great time. It was the greatest opportunity a coach or teacher could have. I'm very thankful for it." Haney was "shocked" when the scandal about Woods' personal life broke in November 2009. "I didn't know anything. Steve Williams, his caddy, didn't know anything. And obviously Elin, Tiger's wife at the time, didn't know anything," he said. "I don't think it would be my place necessarily as a coach (to have said something), but it would be my place, I feel like, as a friend. I certainly would have said something and I know Steve Williams would have said something too." Haney detects that a post-scandal Woods may have "softened" but says he's getting back to his best. "He's definitely striking the ball well. I mean, he finished first in greens in regulation, which for the years that I worked with Tiger, I thought that was a key statistic. He was always first in greens in regulation, or near the top." But it's his recent improvement on the greens which Haney thinks will be key to success in the coming weeks. "The great thing about Bay Hill to me was that his putting was good. He finished fourth in putting. That's a key statistic. Every player that's won on the PGA tour this year has finished top 10 in putting," he said. "And going to Augusta, that's the most important thing. Tiger would have won five or six green jackets in a row if he would have fewer than, you know, two three-putts for the 72 holes. "So if he can avoid three-putts at Augusta, he'll be very difficult to beat. He's great on that golf course. It fits his game." Watch Piers Morgan Tonight weeknights 9 p.m. ET. For the latest from Piers Morgan click here.	Tiger Woods' former swing coach publishes book detailing their time together . Hank Haney coached Woods from 2004 to 2010 . Haney criticized for reveal some private text messages sent to the former world No.1 . Haney says Woods putting form bodes well for Woods quest for a fifth Masters title .
(CNN) -- T.J. Lane didn't belong to any particular clique in the schools he attended, fellow students said. Those who knew him described him as quiet, someone who was guarded and rarely spoke about his tumultuous family life. But they never would have thought that he'd be described as a killer -- until Monday, when students say they saw Lane walk up to a table in the cafeteria of Ohio's Chardon High School with a gun. Police have not named the alleged gunman, a juvenile, but many witnesses have identified the attacker as Lane. One victim died Monday. Two others were declared dead on Tuesday. One other remained hospitalized Tuesday. A fifth victim was released, officials said. Lane made an initial juvenile court appearance Tuesday afternoon, during which he was ordered to remain in custody. Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine said Tuesday that the suspect would likely be tried as an adult. Prosecutor David Joyce predicted that the 17-year-old sophomore will face three counts of aggravated murder "as well as other counts." He said Lane has admitted taking a .22-caliber gun and a knife into Chardon High School on Monday morning and firing 10 rounds, choosing his victims randomly. All Chardon schools closed Tuesday; counselors on hand . Teresa Hunt said her niece rode the school bus each day with Lane, and he displayed no warning signs of the violence allegedly to come. "He was a really nice kid to her," Hunt said. "He wouldn't start up a conversation, but if she talked to him, he would hold the conversation with her. She said her niece noted no personality changes in Lane in the weeks leading up to Monday's shooting. Haley Kovacik, a friend who talked with Lane a few times a week, said the violence left her and others who knew him in "complete shock." "He seemed like a very normal, just teenage boy," Kovacik said of Lane. "He did have a sad look in his eyes a lot of the time, but he talked normally, he never said anything strange." Yet for all their talks, Kovacik noted there was a lot she didn't know about Lane. Lane lived with his grandparents and was slow to open up about his personal life, according to friends. While he was known by many around Chardon High School, located 30 miles east of Cleveland, at the time of the shooting he was there to be transported to Lake Academy Alternative School in nearby Willoughby. The school describes itself as a place for "at risk" students who are "reluctant learners" struggling with problems such as "substance abuse /chemical dependency, anger issues, mental health issues, truancy, delinquency, difficulties with attention/organization, and academic deficiencies." Lane may have been dealing with his own family problems, according to reports by The Plain Dealer newspaper in Cleveland. Lane's father, Thomas Lane Jr., has been arrested several times for violent crimes against female acquaintances, including Lane's mother, the newspaper reported citing court documents. Between 1995 and 1997, the first two years of Lane's life, his father and his mother were both arrested for domestic violence against each other, the paper reported. His father also served prison time for assaulting a police officer and he also was charged with holding a different woman under running water and bashing her head into a wall, the newspaper reported. It was unclear how much contact Lane had with his father. He rarely opened up about his family, some said. "I've asked him once or twice, but he never would go into detail. He just said he had family trouble," Kovacik said . Evan Erasmus, who said his family knew Lane's family, was among several students who said what happened Monday took them totally by surprise. "I was really shocked when I found out it was him," Erasmus said. "He was quiet, but was one of the nicest kids there. You could talk to him really easily. He was funny." According to Kovacik, Lane told her that "he enjoyed hunting, he enjoyed video games, just normal things." "Everybody was in disbelief. Nobody could believe that T.J. (shot the students)," Kovacik said. Recent posts on Lane's Facebook page show him sharing links to music videos from groups like Grimes and Blood on the Dance Floor, listing his sister in his profile and uploading photos of himself. Yet one long, poetic rant, from December 30, appears to be darker. The post refers to "a quaint lonely town, (where there) sits a man with a frown (who) longed for only one thing, the world to bow at his feet." "He was better than the rest, all those ones he detests, within their castles, so vain," he wrote. Lane then writes about going through "the castle ... like an ominous breeze through the trees," past guards -- all leading up to the post's dramatic conclusion. "Feel death, not just mocking you. Not just stalking you but inside of you," he writes. "Wriggle and writhe. Feel smaller beneath my might. Seizure in the Pestilence that is my scythe. Die, all of you." After getting three positive reviews, Lane wrote: "much obliged to all who 'liked' this. Wrote it myself in class one day ..." CNN's Martin Savidge and Lisa Sylvester contributed to this report.	The motive behind the shooting remains unclear, police chief says . A newspaper reports that Lane's father was arrested for violent crimes . Witnesses say T.J. Lane shot 5 people, 3 fatally . "He never would go into detail. He just said he had family trouble," a friend says .
Seoul (CNN) -- Oh Kil-nam refuses to keep a single photo of his family in his home. He says it's just too painful. For more than 25 years, Oh has lived with the guilt of knowing his wife and two daughters are being held against their will in North Korea because of a choice he made. "I made such a foolish decision," Oh says, "which has caused my family to suffer such hardship in the hands of an outrageous criminal organization. It doesn't help even if I repent, my heart is torn with sorrow." Oh, a native of South Korea, moved his family to Pyongyang in 1985 despite his wife's reservations on the promise of a good job and free medical treatment for his wife's hepatitis, but when they arrived he realized he had been tricked. He says there was not a job nor medical help for his wife, just three months of what he calls, "lectures from day to night on North Korea ideology, history and brainwashing." He was then forced to work in a radio station broadcasting propaganda. Oh was sent to Denmark the following year to lure more South Koreans to the communist state. But when he arrived at customs, Oh handed them a piece of paper asking to defect. Held for two months in detention in Germany, he was questioned by different intelligence agencies, including he says the CIA. He was then freed and moved to South Korea. But his nightmare had only just begun. Oh learned his wife and daughters, only aged 6 and 9 when they first moved to North Korea, were sent to a concentration camp as punishment for his defection. In 1991, he received the first and last message from them. Three black and white photos and recorded messages from his family. Oh and the human rights workers believe they were recorded by North Korean officials as a trap to lure him back. His youngest daughter says, "I miss you dad, I don't know you and I need to grow up fast so I can help mum and I feel regret but now I can lift water buckets and wood very well." Studying the photos, some defectors have told Oh they believe they were taken in the notorious Yodok concentration camp. His eldest daughter tells him, "Hi dad, it's Haewon, I dreamt the other day that I was celebrating my birthday with you. I miss you. It's been a while since I said the word father and my tears are falling." On the tape, his wife wonders when she will see him again. Oh looks at the photos of his family. Thinking back to when he first received them he shakes his head. "I am ... psychologically and physically, totally destroyed," he says. "I have literally no feeling." He says he feels helpless and all his hopes now rest with the United Nations and the South Korean President. The UN body on arbitrary detention has petitioned North Korea to release the family, saying their detention is "arbitrary," but the response has not been positive. Pyongyang claims Oh's wife has already died from her hepatitis and his daughters want nothing to do with him as they say he deserted them. Oh refuses to believe either claim. South Korea has increased diplomatic pressure on Pyongyang. President Lee Myung bak asked the Swedish King, Carl Gustav for assistance. Sweden has an embassy in Pyongyang and has, in the past, acted as a neutral broker for countries with no presence there. All Oh can do now is wait -- as he has for the past quarter of a century. And hope he will live to see his daughters freed. "Every night I have nightmares,' he says. "I'm more than 70 years old now and exhausted but I will stay alive until I can hold my two daughters again." CNN'S K.J. Kwon contributed to this report .	Oh Kil-nam defected from North Korea 25 years ago, but his wife and two daughters remain behind . South Korean and Swedish governments have tried to intercede on his behalf . First and only communication from family was in 1991; believed held in notorious prison camp . "I made such a foolish decision which has caused my family to suffer such hardship"
By . Chris Parsons . Last updated at 1:33 PM on 27th December 2011 . A young soldier on leave ahead of his first ever Afghanistan tour of duty was killed in a road accident on Christmas Day. Edward Heal, a 19-year-old trooper in the Kings Royal Hussars, was hit by a car in North Somerset after leaving a pub in the early hours of Christmas Day. The tank gunner had been training for a tour of duty in Afghanistan due to start in March. Tragic: Soldier Edward Heal was fatally hit by a car on Christmas Day during military leave . The soldier's heartbroken mother, Elaine Coles, 50, said her son had gone for a drink on Christmas Eve with his stepbrother Sam, 24, at the Bristol pub in Clevedon, Somerset. Holding back tears, Mrs Coles told the Western Daily Press: 'I have been worried about him going to Afghanistan ever since he joined up. 'He always said to me there was more chance of him being hit by a car than being killed while on duty. 'I can't believe it. It shouldn't have happened. His Christmas presents are still there by the Christmas tree.' Tributes: Flowers, flags and rugby shirts are laid at the spot where the 19-year-old was hit in Clevedon, Somerset, on Christmas Day . The teenager, who was on leave from his regiment for a week, was hit by the Mazda in Kenn Road, Clevedon at 1.15am on Christmas Day. He was declared dead at the scene. An Avon and Somerset Police spokesman said: 'An investigation is under way to establish the circumstances.' Anyone who witnessed the incident or has information which could help the investigation is asked to contact Avon and Somerset Police on 101.	Edward Heal had been training for first Afghan tour of duty to start in March . Devastated mother: 'His presents are still by the tree'
Two months after popping the champagne when Sunderland miraculously avoided relegation from the Premier League, striker Connor Wickham has been spotted partying hard with a £17,500 bottle of the stuff. The 21-year-old is understood to have racked up a mind-boggling £25,000 bar bill while partying with pals at the Ocean Club in Marbella, with a 15-litre gold bottle of Armand De Brignac champagne the standout buy. The English forward seemed more than happy to foot the bill for the extravagant drinks, which he generously shared with friends and even the waiters at the club in Puerto Banus. Big spender: Wickham and his pals were seen drinking from a mammoth 15-litre bottle of champagne . Gulp: Wickham pours champagne from the gold bottle into the mouth of one of his friends . Returning the favour: Then Wickham has a turn drinking from the huge bottle, though with less success . The price of the bottle is the same as the annual starting salary at the Nissan car plant in Sunderland. Wickham signed a four-year deal with Sunderland in 2011 to complete an £8million move from his home-town club Ipswich Town. The striker’s wages trebled to £25,000-a-week as a result, though is in line for a new improved deal at the Stadium of Light after helping fire them to safety at the end of last season. Recalled from his loan at Leeds in March to boost Sunderland’s striking options as they battled relegation, his goals were crucial in saving them from the drop. Costly: Wickham and his friends pose with the 15-litre bottle of champagne that is worth £17,500 . Venue: Wickham and his entourage were partying at the Ocean Club in Puerto Banus, Marbella . Keeping hydrated: Wickham takes a long swig from a smaller pink bottle of Armand De Brignac champagne . He scored twice in a 2-2 draw with Manchester City at the Etihad and during the 2-1 win over Chelsea at Stamford Bridge. His brace of goals in a 4-0 win against Cardiff towards the end of April led to him being named Barclays Premier League Player of the Month. VIDEO I believe in miracles now - Poyet .	Wickham played a key role in helping Sunderland avoid relegation . He is in line for a new deal after his goals fired them to safety . His current contract, signed in 2011, is reportedly worth £25,000-a-week .
By . Louise Cheer . A heritage-listed home with a 150-year history is set to break property records at Sydney's Potts Point with an estimated price tag of $20 million. The 1,970-square-metre home at Potts Point not only boasts a rich past but six bedrooms, five bathrooms and six parking spaces. Advertised as a 'regency revival family estate', Jenner House was home to the brother of department store owner Anthony Horden, Lebbeus Hordern, and was built around 1868 by distinguished architect Edmund Blacket. The Potts Point home on Macleay Street is estimated to sell for about $20 million . The three-storey house was initially built as two storeys circa 1868 and was one of the late 19th century villas lining Potts Point . After Mr Horden, one of New South Wales' wealthiest men - John Thomas Nealk - who made his fortune as a clothes dealer took up residence in about 1875 and died at the address in 1897. It was also once occupied by King George V during his time in the Royal Navy. The Sydney Morning Herald reported the house currently holds the Potts Point record of highest selling residence of $15 million, which was set when it was sold to high-profile car dealer Terry Mullens and wife Wendy by horse trainer Tony Peterson in 2009. In Jenner House's history - which has spanned almost 150 years - it has been known as Stramshall Villa from about 1871 to 1879, Kurrahjeen from 1880 to 1885 and Lugano from 1888 to 1911. Its current name was bestowed on it in 1914. The three-storey house sits on parklands facing north-east with panoramic views of Sydney Harbour, with a circular driveway and a 600-square-metre forecourt garden complete with its own gatehouse. Despite its modern facilities, Jenner House - located on Macleay Street - still retains its colonial roots with 10 marble fireplaces, a grand cedar staircase, a colonnaded entrance foyer, four-metre high ceilings, cast-iron columns and lacy balconies. The home boasts a massive circular garden suitable to hold large parties, overlooking the Sydney Harbour . It's no wonder it has a $20 million price tag with a colonnaded entrance foyer and a grand cedar staircase . Retaining its colonial roots with its 4m high ceilings, a modern edge is added with a kitchen with marble counter tops and industrial kitchen facilities . This is married with a kitchen that could satisfy any keen cook's needs. The house's massive breakfast room leads into an open-plan commercial kitchen which includes a marble island, stainless steel benchtops, a gas stove and double even, a teppanyaki grill and three sinks. Large dinner parties will be no trouble with a sizable entertainment garden and a banquet-sized dining room with a balcony and butler's pantry. Each bedroom is decked out with luxurious marble ensuite bathrooms with heated floors and walk-in wardrobes. The home's lavish style continues onto the last level with a basement workshop encased in sandstone walls and extensive cellars. Jenner House has panoramic views of Sydney Harbour as well as 10 marble fireplaces and kauri timber floors . Five of the property's bedrooms are decked out with marble ensuite bathrooms . According to Australia's Department of Environment, Jenner House was initially built as a two-storey building as one of the late 19th century villas that lined Potts Point and was heritage-listed in 1991. The home's third-storey extensions were commissioned by Mr Nealk and done by well-known architect Thomas Rowe between 1875-1877. Jenner House is being sold through Jason Boon of Richardson & Wrench, Michael Pallier of Sydney Sotheby's International Realty, and Barry Goldman and Robert Page of Raine & Horne Double Bay. A circular driveway greet guests as they enter the property with six spots for cars to park . Cast-iron columns and lacy balconies decorate the outside of the house to maximise the benefits of the view . Clawfoot bath tubs (left) keep in line with the colonial theme of the house and as well as beautifully detailed arches (right)	Jenner House sits on a 1,970 block of land with its own parklands, a circular driveway, forecourt and gatehouse . It was designed by renowned architect Edmund Blacket circa 1868 for a NSW department store owner's brother . Bought by high-profile car dealer Terry Mullens and wife in 2009, it set a Potts Point record with its $15 million sale .
(CNN) -- Nude photos and other potentially objectionable materials have been showing up in the iPhone application store in recent weeks, raising questions about Apple's ability to control iPhone content. An iPhone app called BeautyMeter was pulled from the app store after a nude photo surfaced. In the most recent example, a nude photo of a young woman, reported to be 15 years old, showed up on an iPhone application called "BeautyMeter," according to Wired.com and Krapps.com, an app review site. CNN could not independently confirm the young woman's age. The photo, which apparently was submitted by one of the photo-sharing app's users, prompted Apple to remove the entire mobile application from its online store. Funnymals, maker of the BeautyMeter app, which lets users upload and posts photos of people and then rank them based on "hotness," says in a statement on its Web site that it agrees with Apple's decision to yank the phone application from its online store. Funnymals also says its policies prohibit people from posting nude photos to the application. Neither Funnymals nor Apple responded to requests for comment. About a week earlier, another mobile phone application, "Hottest Girl," showcased a photo of a topless woman and also was pulled from the iPhone app store. "Apple will not distribute applications that contain inappropriate content, such as pornography," an Apple company spokesman said at the time. The explicit material is putting attention on Apple's attempts to filter out potentially objectionable apps before they're posted on its app store. The iPhone app store, with more than 50,000 applications, is the most popular entertainment and information venue of its kind for mobile phones. Observers say the successful app store buoys the iPhone's popularity and adds to Apple's sterling image as a hip and family-friendly company. The explicit content has the potential to tarnish that image. But Apple, like any company or Web site that hosts user-submitted content, may be engaged an impossible task by trying to keep all offensive material from the app store. Some iPhone apps are developed by Apple, but many are submitted for approval by third-party developers. Phil Malone, a clinical professor of law at Harvard Law School, said it's unlikely Apple or app developers could be held liable for potentially illegal content that might show up in phone apps, as long as they didn't know about the questionable content in advance. It would be impossible for Apple or developers to keep all potentially objectionable material out of the app store, since much of the content is submitted by users, he said. As the quantity of new apps and updates for apps increases, it becomes all the more difficult for the company to keep up, said Dan Moren, associate editor of Macworld, a blog about all things Apple. Joshua Topolsky, editor in chief of Engadget, a technology blog, said the impossibility of policing all app store content should free Apple from some blame. "It's completely out of Apple's control that someone uploaded a nude photo, and to some extent, it's out of the [app] developer's hands as well," he said. More pressing, Topolsky said, are Apple's nebulous policies about which apps get the company's stamp of approval. Apple does not tell developers or the public exactly how the decision process works, he said. Apple did not respond to CNN's request for comment on this story. The mysterious approval process frustrates app developers and could lead some to turn away from Apple and move on to other phones, said Jared Brown, an app developer. In some cases, applications have been banned from the iPhone app store for showcasing material that also would be easily accessible through iTunes or by using Apple's mobile Web browser. A Nine Inch Nails application, for example, reportedly was pulled by Apple because it streamed a song with offensive lyrics. Band leader Trent Reznor lashed out against Apple on his Web site, calling the company hypocritical and pointing out that the song in question also was available on iTunes. In a similar incident, a Twitter app called "Tweetie" was pulled because it gave access to offensive words on Twitter.com. It was later put back on the app store. And an iPhone app that allowed users to shake a digital crying baby to death was yanked from the app store in April. Apple issued an apology, calling the app "deeply offensive" and a "mistake." Unlike Apple, which acts as a gatekeeper, Google lets developers post games and other programs to its Android app store without going through a screening process. Brown said he favors this idea, which lets the Android store's community flag objectionable content. Apple has said it approves 96 percent of submitted iPhone apps. In a recent update to the iPhone software, Apple included controls that let users choose which types of content they would like to block from their phones. iPhone apps now come with age-appropriateness labels, submitted by developers. Moren said this new parental-control system offers "fine-grained controls" and helps iPhone owners decide what content they want to buy. The company is doing anything it can to try to keep pornography and offensive material off the site for public relations reasons, he said. "They'd much rather hang onto their image as a family-friendly company" than let offensive material in, he said. "I think they've really cultivated that."	Reports say iPhone app posted nude photo of 15-year-old girl . Apple approves mobile phone applications before posting them . Some say it is impossible for Apple to filter out all objectionable material . Legal expert: Apple and developers unlikely to be held liable for user-posted content .
By . Hugo Gye . and Mark Duell . PUBLISHED: . 07:19 EST, 14 March 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 11:53 EST, 14 March 2014 . Twenty British soldiers killed during the First World War were today laid to rest near the battlefield where they died nearly 100 years ago. The bodies were discovered in 2010 near during clearance work for new buildings near Vendin-le-Vieil, north of Arras in France. All of the men died at the Battle of Loos in 1915, and they were buried at the Dud's Corner, a cemetery run by the Commonwealth War Graves Commission located in the town of Loos-en-Gohelle. Ceremony: Private William McAleer and 19 other soldiers were today laid to rest in France a century after they died in the Battle of Loos . Atmospheric: The ceremony at the Loos British Cemetery took place in thick fog . Duty: The soldiers wore kilts as they carried the coffin of Pte McAleer, who was born in Fife . Pallbearers: The private's coffin was carried by a group of soldiers from The 2nd Battalion The Royal Regiment of Scotland . The only one to have been identified by name is Private William McAleer, 22, from the 7th Battalion the Royal Scottish Fusiliers, whose step-great-nephew Stephen McLeod was present at the ceremony. Among the other soldiers who died during the fierce battle were a Northumberland Fusilier, another six Royal Scottish Fusiliers and a member of the York and Lancaster Regiment. The 2nd Battalion The Royal Regiment of Scotland accorded military honours to the men as they were buried, with the unidentified soldiers commemorated as 'Known unto God'. Pte McAleer's coffin was given his own burial plot, with his headstone reading '13766, Private W. McAleer Royal Scots Fusiliers, 26th September 1915, age 22'. The remainder were buried in six other plots side by side. Sombre: A large crowd turned out to pay their respects to Pte McAleer and his unidentified comrades . Laid to rest: The soldiers' bodies were found in 2010 during construction work after lying in an unmarked plot for 95 years . In thick fog, a piper led six bearers as they carried Pte McAleer's Union flag-draped coffin topped with a wreath, belt and cap past the crowds and the burial plots of hundreds of other fallen soldiers. A military firing party fired a salute during the service and the Last Post was played. Mr McLeod, a former Black Watch soldier from Cowdenbeath, wore a Tam o' Shanter hat and a Northern Ireland medal to the service. He said his grandmother had talked about Pte McAleer, but added that he did not previously know how his ancestor had died. 'I knew about his existence and knew he died in the First World War, but I didn't know his body wasn't found,' the father of two said. Moving: The burial was arranged by the Ministry of Defence and the Commonwealth War Graves Commission . Wreath: A mourner dressed in black carries dozens of poppies in tribute to the fallen soldiers . 'That was news to myself when the military put out an appeal for his descendants to come forward. It was my cousin who heard the appeal, who in turn contacted my brother. 'To come to the Commonwealth and show my respect, especially as a former soldier, to those who have fallen, is a great honour. 'But to be able to come here in the centenary year and show respect to kith and kin is unique. It's unfortunate that we have the other 19 soldiers unidentified. 'It would have been nice if their descendants were able to show their respects.' Family: Stephen McLeod, the step-great-nephew of Pte McAleer, was present to watch his ancestor buried . Contemplation: Mr McLeod, a former soldier with the Black Watch, said he had not known how Pte McAleer died . Respect: Mr McLeod was handed the personal effects of Pte McAleer during the burial ceremony . The Battle of Loos featured . the first British use of poison gas, and followed a four-day artillery . bombardment along a six-and-a-half-mile front. The . attack led by Sir Douglas Haig happened simultaneously as the French . attacked the German lines at Champagne and at Vimy Ridge in Arras. But . the Germans were able to successfully hold their position on both . fronts, helped by a second line of trenches built six miles behind the . front lines. On September 25 1915, Pte McAleer's battalion had reached Hill 70 to the east of Loos and dug in behind the crest line. They fought off a German counter-attack during the night before being ordered to attack a German redoubt the following morning. Although . they entered the German trenches, after fierce hand-to-hand fighting . they were forced to retreat to their start positions. They were then subjected to heavy . artillery bombardment which led to their withdrawal later after two . unsuccessful bids by 21 Division to join up had failed. Piper: A musician from the battalion plays a lament for the dead during the service . Sacred ground: The Dud's Corner graveyard in Loos-en-Gohelle, near the site of the battle . Resting place: The names of many of those buried in the cemetery are unknown, and they are marked as 'Known unto God' Records . of the 7th Battalion the Royal Scots Fusiliers showed that in just two . days of battle, 69 died, 258 were wounded and 181 were missing. Peter . Francis, of the Commonwealth War Graves Commission, told MailOnline: . ‘These casualties were discovered at a construction site of a new prison . being built. ‘During . work preparing the ground for that, they found what appeared to be a . battleground grave, which also contained some 30 German casualties. From . the location and regiments involved, initial indications were that . these were from the Battle of Loos in September 1915. ‘The remains were recovered by the . Commission and kept safe in our mortuary, near Arras. Then the Ministry . of Defence got involved. ‘They . have a unit called the Joint Casualty and Compassionate Centre – they . deal with present-day military casualties but also historical cases as . well. They began the lengthy task of looking at whether or not they can identify these individuals.’ Memorial: A card of remembrance for the private issued by his mother after his death in September 1915 . Identification: Pte McAleer was identified thanks to the metal tag he was buried with . Pte McAleer - born in Leven, Fife, as . the son of a miner - was identified thanks to a metal identification . tag which he happened to be carrying at the time of his death. 'This . is slightly unusual because British soldiers didn’t have metal ID tags . during the First World War, so this was something he'd got himself,' Mr . Francis said. ‘In 1916 . they brought in the two tags, but they were made of a compressed . cardboard, not metal - but soldiers often brought their own metal ones.’ The Loos Memorial near where the soldiers went into action carries the names of more than 20,000 missing from the battle. More . than 950,000 British and Commonwealth military personnel died in the . First World War, with a further 2.2 million armed forces members wounded . in action. Ruins of Loos: The battle featured the first British use of poison gas, and followed a four-day artillery bombardment along a six-and-a-half-mile front . Devastation: The attack in Loos happened simultaneously as the French attacked the German lines at Champagne and at Vimy Ridge in Arras . Of those killed, some 600,000 have a marked grave but there remain more than 300,000 British and Commonwealth personnel with no known grave. This year, the Joint Casualty and Compassionate Centre will conduct more ceremonies for the remains of a further 43 British soldiers killed in the First World War across mainland Europe. The events will be attended by serving members of the fallen's regiment, or its successor, and the regimental association, senior military officers and, where possible, relatives of the soldier. In October, 15 soldiers from the Yorks and Lancashire Regiment who are believed to have died in battle around Beauchamp Ligny, France, will be buried. And six soldiers, believed to have been serving with the Lancashire Fusiliers and Kings Own Regiments, are to be buried in early September at Prowse Point Cemetery in Belgium. In addition, a soldier from the Welsh Guards and an officer from the Oxford and Buckinghamshire Regiment will be buried in separate events on dates to be decided later this year.	The 20 soldiers were killed in the Battle of Loos in September 1915 and their graves were lost for a century . Their bodies were discovered during building work and have now been re-buried in military cemetery . Ceremony took place in the town of Loos-en-Gohelle today and the men were given full military honours . The only one to be identified was Private William McAleer, 22, whose descendant attended the burial .
After what had been a difficult start to his tenure at Manchester United, Louis van Gaal could have reflected on beating Everton 2-1 with some satisfaction. His team had climbed into the  Premier League’s top four and they had done so thanks to a first United goal for Radamel Falcao. But Van Gaal looked as deflated as the punctured tyre that disrupted his departure from the training ground a few days earlier — and understandably so. VIDEO Scroll down for Louis van Gaal's thoughts on David de Gea's performance . Louis van Gaal leaves the Old Trafford pitch on Sunday after his side narrowly beat Everton 2-1 . The Dutch manager (right) knows his team's leaky defence must improve after another uncertain display . Luke Shaw (left) gave away a needless penalty against the Toffees and was unconvincing at left back . He knew his side owed too much to the brilliance of David de Gea, as well as the profligacy of Leighton Baines from the penalty spot. Just as he knew a team attacking with more confidence would have exploited what remains an alarming imbalance in his side. He is trying to address the issue with his calls for a more collective approach to defending, and for 45 minutes of an entertaining match he probably felt his players were pretty much following his instructions. But when only West Bromwich Albion now stand between back-to-back encounters with Chelsea and Manchester City, significant progress still needs to be made. Van Gaal's side might well have drawn or even lost against Everton were it not for  David de Gea's heroics . United are scoring plenty of goals, with Radamel Falcao opening his account against Roberto Martinez's side, but it's defensively where there are concerns . ‘We have to improve a lot of things,’ was one of the first statements the Dutchman made in a series of post-match interviews, even if he did then offer a more positive spin when he suggested the fact that they had risen to fourth playing badly was a cause for optimism. But his initial point was correct because United need to improve on an awful lot, in particular across a back four that remains alarmingly fragile. This was only Luke Shaw’s second competitive appearance for United but he managed to demonstrate the best and worst aspects of his game in the 70 minutes he played prior to leaving the field with a knee injury. Tyler Blackett and Marcos Rojo have played well at times but both struggled in the 5-3 defeat by Leicester . If Shaw  oozed class going forward, he proved such a liability in defence that it was easy to see why Roy Hodgson would rather see him back in England’s Under 21 squad for now. It was not just the penalty he conceded; a reckless challenge on Tony Hibbert. It was a general lack of composure whenever Everton attacked down his flank and the role he played — albeit a minor one compared to Rafael — in allowing Steven Naismith to score his 55th-minute equaliser. Shaw would do well to study his predecessors because, in Denis Irwin and Patrice Evra, United have had two left backs who mastered both aspects of a full back’s job; who were brilliantly effective going forward but were also key members of a superbly organised back four. Van Gaal's defence has been weakened further by the absence of the injured Jonny Evans . Paddy McNair (right) has impressed this season but is yet to be tested against the league's best strikers . Shaw is still young, of course. Talented, too. But it is a concern when good defending relies so much on instinct and he will need to show he can be trusted if he wants to remain in the side once players like Jonny Evans are fit. Particularly when Van Gaal still has the option of Marcos Rojo, however much that might alarm United supporters haunted by his efforts at left back earlier this season. A more accurate measure of United’s strengths and weaknesses will come at home to Chelsea and away to City. Excellent on debut last week, Paddy McNair did a fine job in dealing with the physical presence of Romelu Lukaku on Sunday. United take on Chelsea and Manchester City in two of their next three matches and need to be more solid . But Lukaku is not of the quality of forwards McNair could soon be facing and that’s where the issue of collective responsibility became more of a pressing concern for Van Gaal. United’s back four needs to operate with more cohesion but it needs more protection, too, as the runs from deep by Leon Osman and Bryan Oviedo late in this game illustrated. Nobody was picking up Everton’s substitutes and, had it not been for De Gea, their efforts could have been extremely costly for the hosts. Angel Di Maria's terrific form since joining from Real Madrid has given the Old Trafford club a big lift . Going forward, United are terrific; as good as any team in the Premier League and so blessed with quality that the absence of the suspended Wayne Rooney caused little disruption. Angel di Maria continues to thrill and Falcao is starting to prove himself quite the predator with a fine demonstration of forward play crowned by his winning goal. But Van Gaal was not getting carried away, with his focus afterwards more on Di Maria’s defending than the goal and the assist he produced. Mainly because United’s manager knows what is coming next.	Louis van Gaal must improve Manchester United's defence . His side beat Everton 2-1 on Sunday but they owed much to David de Gea . United have conceded 14 goals in eight games in all competitions . The win against Everton lifted Van Gaal's side to 4th in the Premier League . But the Old Trafford side take on Chelsea and Manchester City in two of their next three games and need to improve .
Syria's neighbors are preparing for the worst as the specter of potential Western airstrikes hang heavily over a nervous Middle East. As U.S. President Barack Obama makes his case to Congress and the international community for a military response to an alleged chemical attack by Syrian regime forces in a Damascus suburb, CNN explores how the countries bordering war-torn Syria feel about Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and the possibility of foreign intervention in the bloody conflict there. Lebanon . Security is tightening and there is a mood of growing worry and angst in the streets of Beirut, where many are convinced that strikes on Damascus, less than 70 miles from the Lebanese capital, will further destabilize the country that, aside from Syria, has suffered the most as a result of the war. Tiny Lebanon is inextricably linked to its larger neighbor, and sectarian divisions there mirror those in Syria. But while politicians who support al-Assad say the proposed airstrikes are reminiscent of the lead-up to the war in Iraq, those who oppose him are playing it safe for now. Talal Arslan, the Lebanese Democratic Party leader and a supporter of al-Assad, said accusations of chemical weapons use by regime forces in a Damascus suburb were "a reminder of (America's) previous lies to invade Iraq. No one buys these lies any longer." Lebanese MP Walid Jumblatt, a staunch ally of the Syrian rebels who previously accused the Assad regime of killing his father in the early years of Lebanon's civil war in the 1970s, said strikes would not deal a fatal blow to the Syrian regime: "The action will not be decisive, particularly in the absence of international consensus on strike or on the post-strike era." Ahmad Fatfat, an anti-Assad member of the Lebanese parliament, said the ramifications of airstrikes would probably depend on the reaction of Hezbollah, the Beirut-based Shiite militant group that has joined Syria's civil war on behalf of its patrons in Damascus and Iran. The government has mostly tried to stay out of the conflict, but that hasn't stopped the bloodshed -- and those fleeing the fighting -- from spilling over Lebanon's borders. One in six people in Lebanon is now a Syrian refugee, and tensions between Lebanese and Syrians are rising. Hezbollah was the target of deadly Beirut bombings in recent weeks that killed dozens and left many in Lebanon believing that the country is now a proxy battlefield as Iran and Saudi Arabia fight to control the outcome of Syria's civil war. But despite these deep divisions, many Lebanese are united in the belief that potential strikes are little more than a superficial show of power from an American president backed into a corner by his "red line" declaration about chemical weapons use in Syria. Israel . Thousands of scared residents in cities across Israel made their way to gas-mask distribution centers amid fears that potential airstrikes on Syria could result in retaliatory chemical attacks. In 2011, Israeli President Shimon Peres insisted at a news conference that al-Assad "must go," but the comments have been an exception for the Israeli government. In May of 2013, an Israeli defense ministry official specifically denied that Israel had "done anything against Assad and his regime." Still, Israel has been accused three times this year of launching airstrikes inside Syria. In January, a U.S. official said Israeli fighter jets bombed a Syrian convoy suspected of moving weapons to Hezbollah. Israel's military has long said it would target any transfer of weapons to Hezbollah or other terrorist groups as well as any effort to smuggle Syrian weapons into Lebanon that could threaten Israel. Jordan . In Amman, an hour's drive from the Syrian border and well within range of Syrian missiles, there are fears that Jordan's involvement in the civil war could lead to attacks on its own soil. King Abdullah is one of the West's key allies in the region and was the first Arab leader to call for al-Assad to step down. The vast majority of the country's citizens are Sunni and sympathize with the plight of the Syrian rebels trying to topple the country's Alawite regime. OPINION: Why strikes in Syria are a bad idea . It is an open secret that Saudi Arabia is using Jordan to smuggle weapons into Syria for the rebels. Jordan says it is doing all it can to prevent that and does not want to inflame the situation in Syria. But despite the fact the world's military leaders gathered last week in Jordan to discuss Syria, the government insists it will not be a launchpad for a Western strike on its neighbor. Government spokesman Mohammad Momani said: "Our position regarding the Syrian crisis is based on our concern for Jordan's higher national interests and our unfailing policy of non-interference in the internal affairs of our neighbors." "Jordan renews its calls for a political solution in Syria and urges the international community to intensify efforts to reach such a solution." Iraq . In Iraq, where at least 30,000 Syrian refugees fled over a five-day period in late August, the government has said in recent days that the country is on high alert in anticipation of a strike in Syria. Iraq is opposed to Western military intervention in Syria and is deeply divided along sectarian lines. Iraq's Shiite-dominated government is wary that the Sunni Islamists who've been involved in fighting al-Assad's regime are targeting the government in Baghdad. Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki called for unity in a statement: "What is happening in Syria threatens Iraq and the region, and all Iraqis, especially politicians, should unite and reject sectarianism and place the national interest above all partisan interests in order to ward off the dangers and protect national unity and sovereignty." Saudi Arabia . Saudi Arabia, the region's Sunni powerhouse, is walking a very fine line on Syria. While many observers believe the Saudis tacitly approve of the strikes, the government has not come out publicly in support of Western military intervention. Saudi Foreign Minister Prince Saud Al-Faisal has called for the U.N. Security Council to shoulder its responsibilities to the Syrian people and said the Assad regime had lost sight of its Arab identity. A majority of Saudis support the rebels and want al-Assad gone, but they're also horrified about the plight of ordinary Syrians and believe missile strikes could exacerbate their suffering. Khaled Al-Maeena, editor-in-chief of the Saudi Gazette, told CNN: "People here are against any attack that will cause more bloodshed to the existing conflict in Syria. They know what happened in Iraq -- how many innocent people died in Iraq, Libya, Yemen and Pakistan due to strikes. I hope and believe people are not excited at the prospect of hits on Syria." "I would not want to see any strike on Syria that will only add to the agony of the Syrian people. Arabs have had enough of collateral damage." Egypt . In Egypt, which remains embroiled in its own deadly crisis more than a month after the military deposed and detained president Mohamed Morsy, a number of political parties have stood against foreign intervention in Syria. The Tamarrod movement, which spearheaded the drive to remove Morsy from office, ripped the U.S. and called on the Egyptian government to act in the event of a Western strike on Syria. Tamarrod spokesman Mahmoud Badr said: "The U.S. is an imperial state that has destroyed Iraq and aims to destroy Syria and intervene in Egyptian affairs." Hassan Shahin, another spokesman, "demanded the closure of the Suez Canal" if there is any naval movement toward Syria, according to state-owned Egyptian news. Nabil Fahmy, Egypt's minister of foreign affairs, said the only way forward in Syria is a political solution. Yemen . In Yemen, a country living under the constant specter of American drone strikes targeting al Qaeda militants, it is nearly impossible to find anyone who supports Western bombs in Syria, despite mixed attitudes about the Assad regime. Ahmed Bahri of Yemen's Haq Party told CNN that foreign intervention in Syria will only increase Yemeni and Arab resentment of the U.S. He said: "Arabs do not trust the U.S. anymore because it is attacking numerous Arab countries -- but some Arab leaders are working against their people's will." While many Yemenis would like to see al-Assad deposed, others are worried about the Sunni extremist groups that could replace him if he went. Al Qaeda in the Arab Peninsula vastly expanded its base in Yemen after the fall of President Ali Abdullah Saleh during the Arab Spring in 2011. And while Yemenis feel terrorized by the group, they also live in daily fear of U.S. drone strikes. Youth activist Nasser al-Absi said a U.S. strike in Syria would merely create another generation of terrorists in the region. "The U.S. will regret any attack in Syria ... Arabs are peaceful, but they are being attacked by the West. These attacks will make thousands of people join al Qaeda to avenge the death of their loved ones."	Lebanon: Security tight amid fears Western strikes in Syria will destabilize country . Israel: Scared residents line up at gas-mask distribution centers; Israeli PM 'ready for anything' Jordan: Despite world's military officials meeting there, country says it won't be launching pad . Saudi Arabia: Many want Assad gone, but believe airstrikes will make Syrian suffering worse .
(CNN) -- Christmas trees. Gingerbread houses. Advent calendars. Christmas as we know it is made up of traditions popularized in Germany, and anyone who's been to one of that country's legendary Christmas markets knows that a German Yule is hard to beat. Happily, over the past two decades or so many North American towns and cities have decided to import the German Christmas market tradition. The most authentic German-style markets come complete with wooden huts selling traditional crafts, sweet and savory German treats, and the all-important mulled wine (glühwein) in collectible mugs. Most also feature activities and entertainments for all ages. 10 ways to cut loose for the holidays . Here are nine glittering Weihnachtsmarkts you can enjoy without flying overseas. Denver . Nestled in the snow-capped Rockies, Denver had a strong holiday atmosphere even before introducing its Christkindl Market 12 years ago. Now it channels the Old World at Skyline Park, where glowing stalls sell crafts, gifts and goodies like schnitzel and strudel; there's also plenty of music (much of it German) and an on-site skating rink to add to the flavor. Open November 22-December 21: 11 a.m.-7 p.m. Sunday-Thursday and 11 a.m.-9 p.m. Friday and Saturday. Admission free. Christmas on the estate: 6 grand houses . Tomball, Texas . Tomball's big neighbor is Houston, but its sister city is the town of Telgte in northwest Germany. On the second weekend of December that familial relationship is front and center, as the annual German Christmas Market enlivens the Old Town. Highlights include beer gardens, strolling entertainers, free hayrides and Christmas lights tours, as well as a funfair for kids. Friday, December 13, 6p.m.-10p.m.; Saturday, December 14, 10a.m.-10p.m.; Sunday, December 15, 10a.m.-6p.m. Admission free. Chicago . This year, Chicago's Christkindlmarket will have its own Christkind -- the blond-haired, elaborately costumed mythical figure who has long been the avatar of Nüremberg's famed market. Visitors to the open-air event at Daley Plaza will also enjoy a selection of family entertainment, from choirs and theater groups to a lantern parade. Open November 26-December 24: Sunday-Thursday 11 a.m.-8 p.m.; Fridays and Saturdays 11 a.m.-5 p.m. (Closes 4 p.m. on Christmas Eve.) Admission free. Elkhart Lake, Wisconsin . Though not held in a town, like most markets, the Osthoff Lake Resort's Old World Christmas Market takes inspiration from the Christmas Market at Nüremberg, the most classic of them all. Stay warm in a heated tent and browse eclectic gifts like Turkish pashminas, Estonia woolens and Russian dolls. Seasonal activities at the resort include cookie decorating workshops, hayrides and brunch with St. Nicholas and his reindeer. Open December 6-15, 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Admission $6 adults; children 14 and under free. Vancouver, British Columbia . Now in its fourth year, the Vancouver Christmas Market lights up the downtown Queen Elizabeth Theatre Plaza for more than a month. Vendors sell merchandise with a strong German emphasis -- wooden toys, nutcrackers, Advent wreaths and more. Refreshments are also true to tradition, including bratwurst, freshly-baked waffles, German noodles and Feuerzangenbowle, a warm rum punch. Open November 22 through December 24: 4 p.m.-9 p.m. weekdays and 11 a.m.-9 p.m. weekends. (Closes 6 p.m. on Christmas Eve.) Admission $6 adults, $3 children 7-12; children 6 and under free. Baltimore . This year Baltimore has its own Christmas Village on the city's Inner Harbor, organized by the same company that's brought a Christmas village to Philadelphia since 2008. There are booths inside and outside a heated tent, selling a variety of gifts, ornaments and traditional foods and beverages, including decorated lebkuchen (Christmas cookies). Open November 28-December 24: Sunday-Thursday 11 a.m.-7 p.m.; Fridays and Saturdays 11 a.m.-8 p.m. (Closes 5 p.m. on Christmas Eve.) Admission free. Toronto . The Lowe's Toronto Christmas Market incorporates the ambiance of the Distillery Historic District, a pedestrian-only village of restored Victorian brick buildings. With a variety of food and merchandise vendors, caroling singalongs, multiple lounges for sampling traditional beverages, and other attractions, this is the perfect place to keep warm and merry. Open November 29-December 15: Monday-Friday 12 p.m.-9 p.m.; Saturdays and Sundays 10 a.m.-9 p.m. Admission free. Mifflinburg, Pennsylvania . With a population of fewer than 4,000, this central Pennsylvania town is one of the smallest to mount its own authentic Christmas market. Now celebrating its 25th anniversary, the Mifflinburg Christkindl Market also claims to be the oldest wholly outdoor Christmas market in the United States. Its three-day schedule features marionette shows, juggling, music and other entertainments; treats for kids, including a lantern parade and Kinder World; and a variety of eye-grabbing decorations. Open Thursday, December 12, 4:30-9 p.m.; Friday, December 13, 10 a.m.-9 p.m.; and Saturday, December 14, 10 a.m.-8 p.m. Admission free (but donations encouraged). Bethlehem, Pennsylvania . Down the road from Mifflinburg, the town of Bethlehem has made good on its biblical name by designating itself "The Christmas City." A key element of its seasonal celebration is the Christmas market. Besides food, gifts and musical performances there are (with purchase of special tickets) carriage rides, walking tours and a breakfast with St. Nick. Open weekends November 21-December 22: 11 a.m.-6 p.m. Thursdays and Sundays; 11 a.m.-8 p.m Fridays and Saturdays. Admission $9, $5 for children 6-12; children 5 and under free. Which Christmas markets would you recommend? Share your comments below.	Germany hosts world-famous Christmas markets, but you can find them in North America . Markets often sell ornaments, traditional German fare and mulled wine . Chicago, Denver and Baltimore are among the U.S. cities that host markets .
By . James Chapman . UPDATED: . 09:53 EST, 27 October 2011 . Row: Iain Duncan Smith has had a huge row with his party's chief whip over treatment during this week's contentious EU debate . Iain Duncan Smith has threatened to quit the Government if David Cameron ever again tries to force him to vote against his Eurosceptic principles. The Work and Pensions Secretary and former Conservative leader had an extraordinary stand-up row with Chief Whip Patrick McLoughlin as MPs were ordered to oppose a referendum on Britain’s future in the EU, the Daily Mail has learned. ‘Iain said, “If you ever put me in this position again, that’s it”. He was extremely unimpressed with how the whole thing had been handled, and made clear what he would do if there’s any repeat,’ said one MP who witnessed the confrontation late on Monday night. Several Cabinet ministers are understood to share a widespread view on Tory backbenches that Mr Cameron blundered badly when he decided to turn a vote designed as a non-binding expression of the view of Parliament on Britain’s future in the EU into a trial of strength. A rebellion gathered pace, rather than receded, after the Prime Minister announced he was rushing the vote forward so he could attend himself and imposing a three-line whip – the toughest party instruction on how to vote – as well as threatening with the sack Government members who stepped out of line. The two most staunchly Eurosceptic members of the Cabinet, Mr Duncan Smith and Northern Ireland Secretary Owen Paterson, would have had to quit if they had joined a record 81 MPs who rebelled against Mr Cameron. Yesterday, in an attempt to calm the row, Cabinet Office minister Francis Maude insisted that the Coalition was committed to ‘rebalancing’ Britain’s relationship with Europe. Eurosceptic Cabinet ministers are understood to have extracted a promise from the Foreign Office that it will publish an analysis on how powers might be repatriated from Brussels. But today Downing Street is accused of branding a hardcore of Eurosceptic Conservative MPs ‘sh**s’ – a claim that will further infuriate the rebels. Abuse: Former Prime Minister John Major called rebels against him 'bastards' while David Cameron's aides are allegedly calling EU rebels 'sh**s' As Mr Cameron faced renewed demands to use German calls for talks on EU treaty changes as part of the deal to save the euro as an opportunity to claw back powers from Brussels, his inner circle was said to have referred one group of rebel MPs in the most disparaging terms. Sources close to him have called Tory Eurosceptics the ‘30 or 40 sh**s’ – a latter-day equivalent of John Major’s ‘bastards’, who he blamed for disrupting his premiership over European policy – according to the Spectator magazine. In the Commons, the Prime Minister said his Government had already taken back powers by extracting the UK from the European bailout fund to shore up Greece’s economy. He branded Labour leader Ed Miliband a ‘complete mug’ for saying he did not think Brussels had too many powers. ‘The Coalition agreement does talk about rebalancing power between Britain and Europe,’ he said. Mr Cameron admitted there were differences between the Coalition parties, saying the Liberal Democrats wanted ‘some rebalancing’ and the Tories ‘a lot of rebalancing’. Mr Miliband, however, was ‘a complete mug who wants no rebalancing at all’. There are intriguing signs of the pro-EU Liberal Democrats shifting their position, raising the possibility that they might agree to an attempt to negotiate a limited repatriation of powers. Former leader Lord Ashdown said: ‘I don’t think Europe needs to be as intrusive as it is and so does Nick Clegg. ‘What we’re talking about here is Europe having a greater say in the world because you work more closely together on defence, on security, on foreign affairs, on trade, where our future safety and jobs lie in a very inhospitable world, and at the same time we allow greater variation of nations to be able to govern their affairs on all those issues that touch on the citizen. I think that’s a more sensible balance. Pressure: David Cameron, flanked by Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg and Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne during PMQ's yesterday, where he called Ed Miliband 'a complete mug' ‘But where Nick is right is in saying you can’t do this by unilateral grab – you can’t do that because the others will say “Thank you very much, no”.’ Several senior figures said privately that No 10 needed to shake up its political operation and reach out urgently to disaffected backbenchers. They warned Mr Cameron’s difficulties with his party went beyond Europe, suggesting he needed to change his leadership style and break out of his ‘cliquey’ inner circle. There is particular alarm in Tory high command at the number of new MPs who joined the rebellion. Of the 2010 intake, 48 broke ranks with Mr Cameron and voted in favour of a referendum. There are now calls for Mr Cameron to broaden his inner circle to improve relations. ‘Michael Fallon [deputy party chairman] is the only Thatcherite in Downing Street,’ said one source. Conservative MP Andrew Bridgen, one of those who defied the Prime Minister, accused Mr Cameron of using ‘bullying tactics’ to try to force MPs into line. However, supporters of an EU referendum were warned they risk costing the party victory at the next general election. Major Tory donor and former party deputy chairman . Lord Ashcroft branded the rebellion over Europe ‘self-indulgent’, and warned the message it will send to voters is that the party does not share their priorities. He called on Tory MPs to get the issue of Europe ‘in proportion’ and focus on issues that really matter to voters – such as the economy, jobs, healthcare, crime and immigration.	The Work and Pensions Secretary has been involved in a huge row with the Tory Chief Whip . 'If you ever put me in this position again, that’s it,' he is believed to have said .
By . Frank Thorne . PUBLISHED: . 03:36 EST, 10 December 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 04:42 EST, 10 December 2012 . The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge celebrated news of her pregnancy with a shepherd's pie and an early night, a friend claimed today. Former school friend Jessica Hay claimed the Royal couple discovered she was expecting at their small, three-bedroom cottage in Wales in October. She described it as 'the most nerve-racking moment of Kate's entire life'. But according to Jessica, there were no champagne corks popping. Instead, the pair tucked into a home-cooked traditional shepherd's pie and went to bed early. Baby joy: A former school friend of Kate Middleton has claimed the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge learnt of her pregnancy at their small, three-bedroom cottage in Wales in October . In an exclusive interview with Australian magazine New Idea, Jessica also tells of the drama which unfolded when Kate fell ill and how the Royal couple's plan to announce their baby news at Christmas was blown. Jessica was completely correct when she first tipped the pregnancy, with a nod and a wink predicting a Christmas announcement, when she spoke exclusively to the magazine three weeks ago. Not even the Royal pair could have predicted what would happen next. The ecstatic Duchess was excited to share . the news with her parents, Carole and Michael Middleton, and the couple . visited them at the family cottage in the village of Bucklebury, . Berkshire. Kate was well and putting on weight. No champagne corks popping: The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge (pictured leaving hospital on Thursday after she was treated for severe morning sickness) celebrated news she was expecting with a shepherd's pie and an early night, the friend claimed . During a relaxing weekend, Wills and Kate were looking forward to some of Carole's cooking ahead of a busy Christmas when they planned to tell the world Kate was finally expecting. But on the Saturday morning, December 1, Kate became ill. Jessica, one of the Duchess's oldest friends, tells New Idea: 'She took to her bed for most of the weekend and on Monday morning, her mother and William told her she must get herself checked out by medics.' William insisted on driving Catherine himself, keeping things low-key but then Kate was admitted to the private King Edward VII Hospital. The good news, says Jessica, is that after her hospital ordeal, Kate is now feeling much better: 'I'm hearing she's already craving food again - she particularly wants papaya fruit and they're busy making plans for Christmas. 'She's already feeling much better and, as they do with everything, they're getting through the ordeal by making each other laugh.' Excited: The friend claimed the couple told the Duchess's parents, Michael and Carole Middleton (pictured left with Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall at the Royal wedding) about ten days ago . Although the Royal couple originally planned to make their announcement on December 24, Jessica says a great weight has been lifted from the pair's shoulders because they don't like keeping secrets: 'They're relieved everyone knows and they're just focused on getting her health firmly back on track.' One that speculation that the early pregnancy condition called hyperemesis gravidarum can be an indication of twins, Jessica says: 'Catherine would love twins and a lot of people in their circle in London say it could indeed be the case that she is expecting twins. 'If it were a boy and a girl, it would be a dream come true for them both.' However, she reveals that Wills and Kate have told doctors they don't want to know the sex and have not been buying any baby clothes yet, either. They are keeping with tradition and want to find out when he or she arrives. Jessica's tip for a girl's name for their summer baby is Diana: 'Funnily enough, Diana is a name Catherine has always loved.' Victoria is another favourite. But Jessica says that Catherine is following her mother's suggestion that she should meet the baby first and then decide on a name. And the duchess will be a hands-on mum, with very few nannies: 'There will be a house with a lot of laughter rather than staffed with nannies, governesses and butlers and so on.' Jessica claimed the Royals learnt of the pregnancy after using a simple High Street testing kit which would have revealed the thin blue line the couple had been praying for.	Royals learnt of pregnancy at their Welsh cottage in October, according to one of the Duchess's oldest friends . Former school friend Jessica Hay reveals pair wanted to make news public at Christmas . Pregnancy instead emerged when Duchess was admitted to hospital with acute morning sickness . Duchess 'now feeling much better, making plans for Christmas... and craving papaya fruit' Parents-to-be 'have told doctors they don't want to know the sex of baby'
(CNN) -- Italian newspapers, an archbishop and civil liberties campaigners expressed shock and revulsion on Monday after photographs were published of sunbathers apparently enjoying a day at the beach just meters from where the bodies of two drowned Roma girls were laid out on the sand. Photographs of the dead Roma girls on a beach caused outrage in Italy. Italian news agency ANSA reported that the incident had occurred on Saturday at the beach of Torregaveta, west of Naples, southern Italy, where the two girls had earlier been swimming in the sea with two other Roma girls. Reports said they had gone to the beach to beg and sell trinkets. Local news reports said the four girls found themselves in trouble amid fierce waves and strong currents. Emergency services responded 10 minutes after a distress call was made from the beach and two lifeguards attended the girls upon hearing their screams. Two of them were pulled to safety but rescuers failed to reach the other two in time to save them.  Watch why the photos have generated anger » . The Web site of the Archbishop of Naples said the girls were cousins named Violetta and Cristina, aged 12 and 13. Their bodies were eventually laid out on the sand under beach towels to await collection by police. Photographs show sunbathers in bikinis and swimming trunks sitting close to where the girls' feet can be seen poking out from under the towels concealing their bodies. A photographer who took photos at the scene told CNN the mood among sunbathers had been one of indifference. Other photos show police officers lifting the bodies into coffins and carrying them away past bathers reclined on sun loungers. "While the lifeless bodies of the girls were still on the sand, there were those who carried on sunbathing or having lunch just a few meters away," Italian newspaper La Repubblica reported. Corriere della Sera said that a crowd of curious onlookers that had formed around the bodies quickly dispersed. "Few left the beach or abandoned their sunbathing. When the police from the mortuary arrived an hour later with coffins, the two girls were carried away between bathers stretched out in the sun." The incident also attracted condemnation from the Archbishop of Naples, Cardinal Crecenzio Seppe. "Indifference is not an emotion for human beings," Seppe wrote in his parish blog. "To turn the other way or to mind your own business can sometimes be more devastating than the events that occur." Recent weeks have seen heightened tensions between Italian authorities and the country's Roma minority amid a crackdown by Silvo Berlusconi's government targeting illegal immigrants and talk by government officials of a "Roma emergency" that has seen the 150,000-strong migrant group blamed for rising street crime. That has provided justification for police raids on Roma camps and controversial government plans to fingerprint all Roma -- an act condemned by the European Parliament and United Nations officials as a clear act of racial discrimination. Popular resentment against Romanies has also seen Roma camps near Naples attacked and set on fire with petrol bombs by local residents. In a statement published on its Web site, the Italian civil liberties group EveryOne said Saturday's drowning had occurred in an atmosphere of "racism and horror" and cast doubt on the reported version of events, suggesting that it appeared unusual for the four girls to wade into the sea, apparently casting modesty aside and despite being unable to swim. "The most shocking aspect of all this is the attitude of the people on the beach," the statement said. "No one appears the slightest upset at the sight and presence of the children's dead bodies on the beach: they carry on swimming, sunbathing, sipping soft drinks and chatting." CNN's Jennifer Eccleston contributed to this report.	Italian outrage over photos of sunbathers at a beach where two Roma girls drowned . Photos showed girls' bodies lying on sand covered in beach towels . Newspapers report beach goers eating lunch, sun bathing as bodies carried away . Incident occurred amid heightened tensions between authorities, Roma minority .
(CNN) -- The comic debut of Superman has sold for an out-of-this-world price. The copy of Action Comics No. 1 from 1938, which features the first appearance of the "Man of Steel" was bought by an undisclosed buyer for a record $1.5 million Monday on the online auction site ComicConnect.com. "This is the Holy Grail of Holy Grails," said Vincent Zurzolo, co-owner of the Web site. A copy of the same issue sold for $1 million in February, but this one fetched a higher price because it is in better condition. It was stored inside a movie magazine for the past 50 years, Zurzolo said. "The book looks like it just came off the presses yesterday," said Zurzolo. "The colors are extremely vivid, the whites behind the 'Action Comics' logo are snow white. It's just a stunning copy -- it almost looks brand new." The sale of the Superman book marks the third time this year that a record was set for the sale of a comic book. The other copy of "Action Comics" No. 1 held onto its record for only three days before a comic book featuring Batman's debut sold for $75,000 more at an auction in Dallas, Texas. It's widely believed that there are 50 to 100 copies of Action Comics No. 1 floating around, which makes it exceedingly rare. However, the copy sold Monday has received the highest rating to date from the Certified Guaranty Company, an independent comic grading company in Sarasota, Florida. The company inspects comic books for imperfections, ranging from yellowing to slight creases. J.C. Vaughn, the associate publisher of The Overstreet Comic Book Price Guide, an annual publication considered the authority on comic book pricing, said the Action Comic No. 1 book sold Monday is worth every penny. "The older any comic book gets, obviously the more unlikely you'll find it with a high rating," said Vaughn. "A book this old, featuring Superman's first appearance? I think this book warrants the price." Back in 1938, there were 200,000 of these first editions printed and 130,000 sold, said Vaughn. The 70,000 other copies were destroyed. Zurzolo said it could be a while before another comic book sets a new mark, because only a few other comics have this type of value. "You will see a lot of very high-priced comic books selling in the next few years," he said. "But until these books hit the market again I don't think you'll see the same exact type of numbers in the near future." ComicConnect wouldn't reveal the buyer of the $1.5 million Superman book. "Our buyer, much like most of the superheroes out there, has a secret identity and would rather remain that way," Zurzolo said. However, he added that the customer has a tremendous passion for superhero comic books and is especially fond of Superman. "Superman was the first superhero," said Zurzolo. "Without Superman there would be no Batman, Spider Man, Wolverine, Wonder Woman -- they all came about because of the immense success of Action Comics and the first appearance of Superman." Alex Rae, the back issue buyer for Midtown Comics, one of the nation's largest comic book dealers located in New York, said if he had his choice of any comic book in the world, it would be the one just purchased. "It revolutionized the comic book industry," he said. CNN Radio's Matt Cherry and CNN's Edmund DeMarche contributed to this report.	Action Comics No. 1 from 1938 features Superman's first appearance . Comic's buyer has "secret identity and would rather remain that way" There are thought to be 50 to 100 copies of Action Comics No. 1 floating around .
