The US Commodity and Futures Commission (CTFC) alleges it and its former subsidiary Mondelez Global bought $90m (Â£61m) of wheat futures but had no intention of taking delivery of it. The CTFC said their huge purchase raised the price of the commodity and earned them a profit of $5.4m. Kraft recently agreed a merger with Heinz in a move that would create the world's fifth largest food company. The regulator wants to apply a permanent injunction on future violations as well as to apply financial penalties. In 2010, Kraft took over chocolate maker Cadbury, but in 2012 spun the firm off as part of its global snacks business Mondelez, which includes brands such as Oreo biscuits and Trident gum.	US food giant Kraft is being accused of manipulating the price of wheat.
The 22-year-old serving with the 14th Signal Regiment (Electronic Warfare) had been on patrol in Helmand Province when he was killed. A spokesman described L/Cpl Brynin as "the best and brightest". His death brings the number of UK service personnel who have died in Afghanistan since 2001 to 445. In the early hours of Tuesday, L/Cpl Brynin's unit deployed from Camp Bastion into Nahr-e Saraj in Helmand Province to counter an "imminent threat" to both Afghans and Isaf (International Security Assistance Force) personnel, the MoD said. Towards the end of the operation, the section came under fire. Together with a sniper and machine-gunner, L/Cpl Brynin returned fire but suffered a fatal gunshot wound. L/Cpl Brynin died at the scene, despite receiving "immediate medical attention", the MoD said. Born in Shoreham-by-Sea, West Sussex, he joined the Army in February 2011 and entered the Intelligence Corps. After his initial training he was posted to 14th Signal Regiment (Electronic Warfare), which is based at Cawdor Barracks in Pembrokeshire, and had already served a tour in Afghanistan in 2012. He returned to Afghanistan this August as an intelligence analyst working for a light electronic warfare team (LEWT) within the Brigade Reconnaissance Force (BRF) of 7th Armoured Brigade. L/Cpl Brynin's family issued the following tribute: "Heart of a lion, we will always stand strong for you. We will never forget. Rest in peace." Tributes from L/Cpl Brynin's officers commended his skill and intelligence. Lt Col Mark Purves, Commanding Officer 14th Signal Regiment (Electronic Warfare), said: "Bright and engaging, Lance Corporal Brynin was immensely popular and an outstanding soldier in every respect. "Having already completed one tour to Afghanistan, his appointment to support the Brigade Reconnaissance Force was indicative of his talent and leadership qualities. He was fit, determined and genuinely wanted to make a difference." Lt Col Richard Slack, commanding officer of the 9th/12th Royal Lancers, the Brigade Reconnaissance Regiment, described L/Cpl Brynin as "a star, burning bright and rising fast." L/Cpl Brynin is the seventh British serviceman killed in Afghanistan this year and the first since 30 April, when three soldiers from the Royal Regiment of Scotland were killed after their armoured vehicle hit a roadside bomb. According to the Army's website, the role of the 14th Signal Regiment (Electronic Warfare) includes attacking targets by jamming electronic systems and preventing them from working properly. Light electronic warfare teams are made up of up to four members on the battlefield, where they use equipment to tap into insurgents' communications. British troops are due to leave Afghanistan by the end of 2014, when all Nato combat operations are scheduled to finish, although a small number will remain in support roles. The number of British troops in Afghanistan was reduced to 9,000 before the end of 2012 and is set to fall to 5,200 by the end of 2013. British troops are now placed at five bases - down from a peak of more than 130 - and rarely go on patrol. Last week, the 7th Armoured Brigade, the Desert Rats, became the last major British force deployed to Helmand.	A British soldier killed while on patrol in Afghanistan has been named as L/Cpl James Brynin by the Ministry of Defence (MoD).
The city's harbour commissioners and developer Titanic Quarter Ltd were in dispute over an agreement for the 185-acre site's regeneration. On Thursday, a judge was told they have signed a memorandum of understanding to resolve their differences. The judge agreed to stay the action, with both sides picking up their own legal bill. The commissioners and Titanic Quarter have worked together for more than a decade to deliver projects including a financial services centre and commercial, education, residential and leisure facilities. The area also contains the Titanic Belfast visitor attraction, film studios and the Northern Ireland Science Park. Other schemes for which planning permission has already been granted include office blocks and a new four-star boutique hotel. Differences emerged over the interpretation of the master agreement signed by the parties in 2004. The commissioners, who own the site, issued proceedings aimed at clarifying the terms of the contract with tenants Titanic Quarter which runs until 2030. At the start of a scheduled three-day hearing, it was claimed that the developer wanted to be able to take projects to its landlord as a "fait accompli". In a counter allegation, Titanic Quarter's barrister accused the commissioners of trying to put up "roadblocks" to new developments. However, following out-of-court discussions, it was announced on Thursday that a memorandum of understanding has been drawn up. It acknowledges the master agreement as being a framework agreement with obligations on both parties. They are to consider all proposals with an open mind, honestly and with a view to reaching agreement, if possible. A barrister for the commissioners confirmed neither side has an unqualified veto on any particular project. Instead, he pointed out, the parties have to consult and act in good faith. The memorandum does not require justification of any refusal of a development scheme. Welcoming the resolution, the judge said: "As far as the future is concerned the court hopes matters will proceed well between the parties, and for the benefit of Belfast and Northern Ireland."	A High Court battle that threatened to delay major new developments on Belfast's waterfront has been settled.
The planes, thought to be bombers, surveillance planes and one fighter jet, flew along the Miyako Straits, between Okinawa and Miyakojima. China said about 40 of its aircraft had been involved in what it said was a routine drill. The planes did not cross into Japanese airspace, but the move is being seen as a show of force by China. It comes one week after Japan said it would take part in joint training exercises with the US navy in the South China Sea. Japan's top government spokesman said Japan would be watching China's military movements closely. Tokyo will "continue to devote every effort to vigilance and surveillance and rigorously enforce steps against intrusions into our airspace based on international law and the self-defence forces law", said Yoshihide Suga. The Miyako Strait is a strategically important 250km (155 miles) wide stretch of water south of Okinawa and close to Taiwan. It is also close to a group of islands in the East China Sea which are claimed by both Japan and China. Japan, which controls the islands, calls them Senkaku, while China calls them the Diaoyu Islands.	Japan says it scrambled fighter jets on Sunday after eight Chinese military aircraft flew between Japanese islands.
Manager Tommy Wright told BBC Scotland that the 34-year-old had triggered a clause in his previous deal. MacLean, who joined the Saints in 2012, has scored 10 goals in 27 appearances in this campaign. Wright added that a new deal for midfielder Danny Swanson was a "high priority", with contract talks also ongoing with full-back Brian Easton. Last week, Joe Shaughnessy, David Wotherspoon and Richard Foster all signed two-year extensions. Easton, 28, and Swanson, 30, are both on terms that expire in the summer. "It's difficult for us, with the wages we pay, to attract that extra bit of quality that can make a difference to us," said Wright. "Danny is a high priority for me and hopefully the chairman can get him re-signed. Then we can look at the summer and build again by bringing one or two in." The Perth club are on course for a sixth consecutive top-six finish and Wright would love to start his fifth season in charge with his fourth European campaign. "With Rangers coming back into the league and Aberdeen and Hearts strengthening it was always going to be tough," he said with his side sitting fifth, 10 points ahead of Motherwell, Ross County and Kilmarnock. "For us to be only three points behind Hearts at this stage of the season is a tremendous achievement. Once again, we are fighting at the right end of the table. "We maximise what we've got and it's full credit to the players." Scotland's Uefa coefficient has slipped from 23rd to 25th, meaning all three Europa League entrants will, for the first time, begin qualifying in the first round at the end of June. Saints have never been beyond the third qualifying round and Wright says clubs are hindered by such timing. "Some of the Irish teams have reached the group stage recently," he said. "I'm not an advocate of summer football but it probably would help in that respect. "It's such a quick turnaround getting ready for a new season. That's the biggest thing holding Scottish clubs back. "The overall experience is brilliant for the club though, for me as a manager, for the players and for the supporters." Wright was angered by the penalty Celtic were awarded at McDiarmid Park on Sunday and felt his side were denied two spot-kicks in a 5-2 loss to the Premiership leaders. He has since discussed the matter with referee Craig Thomson in a telephone call. "It was a sore one but mistakes happen in football," he said. "The penalty decisions were game changers but, ultimately, it's gone for me on Monday morning. "I was pleased Craig rang me and what was said will remain between the two of us. I'm not one for holding grudges. "I'm all for looking at ways of helping our referees, be that with full-time officials or extra officials. I'm not a big fan of TMOs (television match officials) but that might be something we look at further down the line. But they all cost money and that's probably the biggest factor."	St Johnstone striker Steven MacLean has signed a contract extension to remain at McDiarmid Park for next season.
Staff at Wingham Wildlife Park stepped in after the baby bird's mother had to leave the egg because the father refused to help her incubate it. The two male Humboldt penguins, Jumbs and Kermit, were given the egg, which hatched a month ago. Park owner Tony Binskin said: "These two have so far proven to be two of the best penguin parents we have had yet." Jumbs and Kermit were first seen pairing up in 2012, leaving two females without mates. "Whilst it was nice to see two of our birds pair up, it actually meant that we were left with not two but four birds unable to reproduce within our collection," Mr Binskin said. The species is thought to be declining in number, and the park brought in two new males for breeding. But each time female Isobel lays an egg, her partner Hurricane refuses to sit on it. Mr Binskin's wife Jackie said Hurricane was a "very inconsiderate partner who is happy to get Isobel pregnant", then "seems to think that his job is done". An egg from the pair was given to Jumbs and Kermit last year, but failed to hatch. Isobel laid another egg in March, but was again forced to leave it to find food. It was given to Jumbs and Kermit, and hatched on 12 April. There have been previous reports of exclusive male-to-male pairings among penguins, and some have reared chicks. Mr Binskin said: "Whilst pair bonding often results in no result other than eliminating those two animals from the breeding population of that species, in captivity it can have greatly positive effects. "We are still very much starting our breeding efforts with this species, and this is only our second year of breeding, but having such good surrogate parents available should we need them is a huge bonus for us."	A same-sex penguin couple are rearing a chick after it was abandoned by its parents at a zoo in Kent.
More than 115,000 people were fined by magistrates last year, figures from the Ministry of Justice (MoJ) show. AA president Edmund King said the rise reflected the fact that digital speed cameras were working 24 hours a day. The Department for Transport said it was magistrates who decided when to impose fines. The MoJ figures show 115,549 motorists were issued with fines of at least £100 in 2013. South Wales saw one of the biggest increases, with the number of drivers fined tripling last year to 6,491, from 2,181 three years earlier. One speed camera in Cardiff generated more than an estimated £800,000 of fines in six months. The number of offenders fined grew over the same period by almost 1,000 in both South Yorkshire and Lincolnshire, and by close to 2,000 in Staffordshire. London saw the most people fined last year, although the figure for the Metropolitan Police area fell to 7,736 -  its lowest level in five years. AA president Mr King told the Daily Telegraph that the increase "is a reflection that cameras are more efficient than ever". "In the past, cameras in London would only take valid pictures for a quarter of a day and it was pot luck whether you are fined. The cameras are now working 24 hours a day." A spokeswoman for the Department for Transport said: "Speeding can have devastating consequences and it's right that drivers should abide by the speed limit. "These fines were issued at the discretion of the magistrates and show the number of fines issued is in decline across many police force areas." Earlier this year it was announced the maximum fines imposed by magistrates for motorway speeding would rise from £2,500 to £10,000.	The number of people fined by the courts for speeding offences in England and Wales has risen to its highest level since 2009.
From choirs to cabaret performers and musicians to artists, each will stage an event inspired by a different track. The album - released on 1 June 1967 - regularly comes towards the top of lists of the greatest albums ever made. The Liverpool festival takes place in May and June and is split into two halves - one for each side of the LP. The first event - based on the first track -will act as an "overture" and will take place from 25-27 May, with the rest of side one being staged from 1-5 June. Side two will take place from 8-11 June - except A Day in the Life, which will be the finale on 16 June. Liverpool Mayor Joe Anderson said the festival would be "thought-provoking, sometimes cheeky and always entertaining". At the event's launch on Wednesday, he said: "We're not about wrapping The Beatles' heritage in aspic or, if you like, turning The Beatles into a Disney-style theme park. "But we have to celebrate the place, the city, that gave them their inspiration and helped them write their fantastic work." Jeremy Deller said one of his works will be about Brian Epstein in the year of the 50th anniversary of The Beatles manager's death. Details of his second work are under wraps. "Every project has its own challenges but it's a record I've lived with and I know The Beatles inside out - or I feel I do. I've studied them," Deller said. "It's almost like a religion, isn't it, popular music, and The Beatles are at the apex of that. So I feel I have an inside take on it." He added: "I think it's important it doesn't become a big nostalgia festival really. I don't mind nostalgia, but the festival has to be about more than just The Beatles - it has to be about Liverpool as it is now and the future of Liverpool to have any meaning for the public." Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.	Liverpool is marking the 50th birthday of The Beatles' Sgt Pepper album by asking a dizzying array of performers to reinterpret the songs in the city.
Canada is marking its 150th anniversary as a country in towns, cities and at backyard barbecues nationwide. But the biggest bash is at Parliament Hill in Ottawa, where organisers expect hundreds of thousands of people. And by mid-morning, they had turned out in their droves - albeit huddled under umbrellas, trying to avoid the rain. Some partygoers, like 24-year-old students Morgan Haines, Jon Salamati and Nima Sahebi, got to the hill before the sun had even risen. Their early morning netted them a prime spot right next to the main stage, where they said they planned to stay until after the fireworks at midnight. The three travelled from Vancouver, on Canada's west coast, to celebrate the day in the capital. "One-fifty is only going to happen once," Mr Salamati said. "By the time we hit Canada 200, we might not be able to do this trip." The celebrations included a concert by Canadian artists, a display from Canada's aerobatics squadron the Snowbirds, a citizenship ceremony for new Canadians, and a massive fireworks display. Canadian theatre giants Cirque du Soleil performed, and Bono and The Edge from  rock band U2 serenaded the crowd with an acoustic set. Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who has made inclusiveness a political calling card, gave a speech celebrating that attribute. "We don't care where you're from or what religion you practise, or whom you love - you are all welcome in Canada," he said to cheers from the crowd. Mr Trudeau's speech was delivered in both English and French, a tradition in Canada, which recognises both as its official languages. "This is as good a reason as any to reflect on our past, to cheer on today, and to recommit ourselves to the future," he said to the 25,000 partygoers who had waited hours to get past security and on to the parliament's lawn. But he also took a moment to remember Canada's indigenous people, whom he said had been "the victims of oppression" since the first settlers arrived. "As a society, we must acknowledge past mistakes," he said, telling the audience that there was still much work to be done in order to achieve reconciliation. However, Canada, he said, was determined to see a reconciliation over the coming years and decades. "It is a choice we make not because of what we did, or who we were, but because of who we are," Mr Trudeau said. Why the world suddenly loves Canada What does it mean to be Canadian today? What's in store for Canada's next 150 years? Indigenous culture is being represented in many ways across the festivities, and a number of indigenous performers are participating in Canada Day concerts in the capital region. Some indigenous peoples refused to recognise Canada 150, saying it represented more than a hundred years of colonisation. Sandwiched between security fences and to the west of the main stage on the parliament's lawn, a group of indigenous protesters have set up a teepee. They have been allowed to stay on Parliament Hill after erecting the structure in the early hours of Thursday morning in what organisers called a "reoccupation". Early on Saturday morning, some of the protesters held a sunrise ceremony, lighting a small fire after negotiating with security to bring firewood onto site. Jess Bolduc, from the Anishinaabe First Nation, said she hoped the day would be one of "conversation and dialogue" when Canada Day revellers flood the lawn. "In celebrating Canada 150, we're celebrating a half-truth," she said. "We need to be thinking about the tens of thousands of years indigenous people have been, and continue to be, here." Across the Ottawa river in Gatineau, Quebec, crowds also lined up to see Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall open a new hall at Canada's Museum of History. Prince Charles' mother, the Queen, is Canada's head of state. Rumela Kabir Booth, from an Indian dance school in Ottawa, helped entertain the crowd before their arrival. "Canada is such a multicultural and inclusive society," she said. "It's great to highlight all the different cultures and aspects that come together." Canada shelled out an estimated C$500m ($385m; Â£293m) on everything from festivities to security and infrastructure projects. Canada Day, held on 1 July each year, marks the merging of four former British colonies into a single new country. It is a national holiday. The country grew in size in the years that followed, and finally achieved complete autonomy from the UK in 1931. It was not until 1982, however, that the British parliament transferred final legal powers to Canada, including the power to amend its constitution. Businesses have also been trying to capitalise. KFC has temporarily rebranded itself "K'ehFC", in reference to the Canadian slang, while coffee shop Tim Hortons is selling a poutine donut - although only at selected US outlets. As Canada celebrates its 150th anniversary, BBC World News will explore this vast country throughout July - from discovering some of the most remote places in Canada on The Travel Show  to documentary-style programming in Canada Stories. To mark this occasion, we are offering Canadian audiences the chance to watch BBC World News as a free channel preview. More details here.	Revellers, police and some protesters have converged on Canada's national capital on Saturday for a party that has been years in the planning.
Several internationals, including Samoan wingers Sinoti Sinoti and Alesana Tuilagi and All Black half Mike Delany are currently sidelined. Falcons, along with Sale Sharks with just 12, have scored the fewest tries in the division. "I feel sorry for Dave Walder [attack coach]," Richards told BBC Newcastle. "You look at the guys who are injured, the backs are firing but not firing as well as we could and we probably lack that little bit of X-factor you get with Sinoti, Delany and Gonzalo Tiesi, players like that." Richards admits the absentees were missed in Sunday's 20-15 loss to nearest rivals London Irish. "We created four opportunities we didn't convert in the first half and three towards the end," he said. "Had we done that, it might have put a different complexion on the game." This battle of the Premiership's bottom two began with Irish bottom, two points behind Newcastle, but ended with Falcons switching places and slipping one point adrift at the foot of the table. Despite a four-point gap between Worcester in 10th spot and the Exiles, Richards is confident there is enough rugby left to play not to leave Falcons on the fringes. "People were looking at this game today, but winning last week made a big difference," Richard said. "Losing today was galling because we missed our opportunities. "But as I've said all along, the 10-game sequence (of Premiership matches to end the season) will be the make or break for all sides at the top or the bottom."	Premiership bottom club Newcastle Falcons are lacking "X-Factor" in the back-line through injuries, says director of rugby Dean Richards.
Brendan Rodgers' side survived early pressure to sweep to victory and secure the earliest title success, with eight games to spare, in a 38-game campaign. Two deadly finishes from Sinclair - he has scored six in three outings against Hearts - edged Celtic ahead. Stuart Armstrong and Patrick Roberts matched them before a Sinclair penalty. Media playback is not supported on this device The final whistle signalled a party in the Edinburgh sunshine as Celtic celebrated their 48th Scottish title - their 12th this century and first with Rodgers as manager. And the records keep tumbling for Celtic, who remain unbeaten in 37 domestic games this season, eclipsing a 100-year-old club record. Media playback is not supported on this device Winning the title in Edinburgh was an act of perfect symmetry for Rodgers' side. The Northern Irishman's first domestic game in charge of Celtic was at Tynecastle and the packed stands were playing host to the 300th league meeting between the sides - and the 150th to be hosted by Hearts. On that day back on 7 August, a late goal from Sinclair was needed to subdue hosts who were looking to overtake Aberdeen as Celtic's main title challengers after finishing third in their first season back in the top flight. A Sinclair double also helped secure a 4-0 win over Hearts in Glasgow in January on a day when he deputised up front due to the absence of first-choice strikers Moussa Dembele and deputy Leigh Griffiths. That day, the 28-year-old's goals came after he was switched to a more natural wide role, with Roberts in the centre, and that's the way they started at Tynecastle this time out as Rodgers was again denied his two top marksmen through injury. Lesson learned, one-time Manchester City winger Sinclair combined superbly with fellow Englishman Roberts, himself on loan from the Etihad Stadium, twice within three first-half minutes to virtually end Hearts' challenge. Media playback is not supported on this device Aberdeen's 7-0 thrashing of Dundee on Friday had ensured that Celtic would require another three points to secure the title. However, there were few signs that Hearts had the form to make them wait any longer. Celtic had arrived at Tynecastle unbeaten in their last 10 visits since their last defeat by Hearts - 2-0 at Tynecastle in October 2011 - with the Edinburgh side only avoiding defeat once during that spell. Since Ian Cathro had taken over as head coach from MK Dons-bound Robbie Neilson, they had slipped from second to fifth and had won only once in their last seven outings. Yet they had lost only two of their last 14 Premiership home games and they came out full of determination to deny Celtic a title party in their own back yard. Cathro looked to have won the early tactical battle, with his high-pressing game knocking the visitors out their stride and Isma Goncalves twice testing goalkeeper Craig Gordon, who then saved at point-blank range from Jamie Walker. It had looked ominous for Hearts when Sinclair played in Callum McGregor to find the net after only two minutes. The linesman's flag allowed the home side to breathe again and they were soon giving as good as they got in a fast and furious start that raged from end to end. McGregor somehow side-footed wide from only six yards and we began to question Rodgers' decision to switch to an unusual formation with three at the back. However, Sinclair played a clever one-two with Roberts on the edge of the penalty box before thumping high past goalkeeper Jack Hamilton to give Celtic a 24th-minute lead. It was soon two as Roberts threaded the ball behind the Hearts defence for Sinclair to score again. Hearts' defensive frailties had come home to roost and Armstrong's 20-yard drive after the break and Roberts' deft chip from the edge of the penalty area ensured the title was on its way back to Glasgow. Sinclair completed his hat-trick from the penalty spot after being pulled down by Krystian Nowak. What now for Celtic? With the League Cup already won, a Scottish Cup semi-final awaits as they seek a domestic treble and the prospect of ending the domestic season unbeaten - a feat no Scottish champions have achieved since the late 19th century. Match ends, Heart of Midlothian 0, Celtic 5. Second Half ends, Heart of Midlothian 0, Celtic 5. Attempt missed. Stuart Armstrong (Celtic) right footed shot from outside the box is too high from a direct free kick. Kieran Tierney (Celtic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Don Cowie (Heart of Midlothian). Foul by Stuart Armstrong (Celtic). Andraz Struna (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick on the left wing. Substitution, Celtic. Kolo Touré replaces Dedryck Boyata. Goal!  Heart of Midlothian 0, Celtic 5. Scott Sinclair (Celtic) converts the penalty with a right footed shot to the top left corner. Penalty Celtic. Scott Sinclair draws a foul in the penalty area. Penalty conceded by Krystian Nowak (Heart of Midlothian) after a foul in the penalty area. Kieran Tierney (Celtic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Don Cowie (Heart of Midlothian). Substitution, Celtic. Cristian Gamboa replaces Mikael Lustig. Substitution, Celtic. Gary Mackay-Steven replaces Patrick Roberts. Attempt saved. James Forrest (Celtic) right footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Substitution, Heart of Midlothian. Angus Beith replaces Esmael Gonçalves. Dedryck Boyata (Celtic) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Dedryck Boyata (Celtic). Esmael Gonçalves (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt missed. Dedryck Boyata (Celtic) header from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. Corner,  Celtic. Conceded by Krystian Nowak. Substitution, Heart of Midlothian. Prince Buaben replaces Alexandros Tziolis. Substitution, Heart of Midlothian. Malaury Martin replaces Jamie Walker. Goal!  Heart of Midlothian 0, Celtic 4. Patrick Roberts (Celtic) right footed shot from the right side of the box to the top left corner. Assisted by Callum McGregor. James Forrest (Celtic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Don Cowie (Heart of Midlothian). Attempt saved. Jamie Walker (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Attempt missed. Perry Kitchen (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. Goal!  Heart of Midlothian 0, Celtic 3. Stuart Armstrong (Celtic) right footed shot from outside the box to the bottom right corner. Assisted by Kieran Tierney. Stuart Armstrong (Celtic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Alexandros Tziolis (Heart of Midlothian). Attempt missed. Bjorn Johnsen (Heart of Midlothian) right footed shot from outside the box is too high. Stuart Armstrong (Celtic) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Perry Kitchen (Heart of Midlothian). Foul by Jozo Simunovic (Celtic). Jamie Walker (Heart of Midlothian) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Second Half begins Heart of Midlothian 0, Celtic 2. First Half ends, Heart of Midlothian 0, Celtic 2. James Forrest (Celtic) wins a free kick in the defensive half.	Celtic clinched a sixth consecutive Scottish title with a flourish as three-goal Scott Sinclair again proved to be a thorn in the flesh of Hearts.
The flanker has recovered from an ankle niggle to line up alongside James Haskell and CJ Stander in the back row. Fly half Dan Biggar has been passed fit to start after concussion. The Highlanders are without All Blacks Aaron Smith and Ben Smith, but internationals Liam Coltman, Lima Sopoaga, and Waisake Naholo will play. After starting in the tour opener against the Provincial Barbarians, Warburton missed the 12-3 victory over the Crusaders on Saturday. Biggar failed a head injury assessment in the defeat by the Blues last Tuesday, but has passed the requisite concussion protocols, while Jared Payne is fit to start at full-back despite an ongoing calf complaint. Payne is joined by Jack Nowell and Tommy Seymour in the back three, with Jonathan Joseph and Robbie Henshaw in the midfield. Biggar's fellow Welshman Rhys Webb is at scrum-half. Courtney Lawes partners Iain Henderson in the second row, with Joe Marler, Rory Best and Kyle Sinckler re-forming the front row combination that started in the first game of the tour. 'A chance to put their hand up and perform' "At this stage of the tour everyone has had a start and as coaches we are happy that all the players have had a chance to put their hand up and perform in the Lions jersey," said head coach Warren Gatland. "We are building some momentum and we have improved with every game. We were obviously pleased with the win against the Crusaders, especially our defence and game management, but we know the Highlanders will be another massive test for us as a squad." Lions squad to play Highlanders: Team: Payne; Nowell; Joseph, Henshaw; Seymour; Biggar, Webb; Marler, Best, Sinckler; Lawes, Henderson; Haskell, Warburton (captain), Stander Replacements: Owens, McGrath, Cole, Jones, Tipuric, Laidlaw, Farrell, Daly. The Highlanders (previously named Otago Highlanders) may only be ranked fourth of the five New Zealand franchises in this year's tournament but the 2015 Super Rugby champions have won 10 of their 14 matches and are assured of at least a play-off berth. The Lions beat a provincial Otago side 30-19 the last time they toured New Zealand in 2005 and Highlanders assistant coach Scott McLeod is anticipating another big occasion at the compact yet noisy Forsyth Barr Stadium. "For some of these guys this will be the biggest rugby day of their careers, and it is a special moment in any rugby player's life to play against the Lions," he said. "It's going to be a massive occasion for the club and our supporters." The forwards are a strength for the Highlanders, who will field a virtually unchanged starting pack from the side beaten 25-22 by Crusaders in their last Super Rugby match on 3 June. Highlanders squad Team: Buckman; Naholo, Fekitoa, Walden, Li; Sopoaga, Hammington; Lienert-Brown, Coltman, Tokolahi; Ainley, Hemopo; Hunt, Evans, Whitelock (captain), Replacements: Pleasants-Tate, Seiuli, Halanukonuka, Dickson, Lentjes, Renton, Banks, Osborne. Injured All Blacks' captain Kieran Read and fly-half Aaron Cruden have been ruled out of New Zealand's Test against Samoa on Friday but will be fit to face the Lions, coach Steve Hansen said on Sunday. However, hooker Dane Coles - who has concussion problems - would not be considered, Hansen said, as the All Blacks assembled in Auckland. Ryan Crotty is "touch and go" but "everyone else is pretty good", Hansen said. Read had previously ruled himself out of the Samoa match as he recovers from a broken thumb, while Cruden damaged knee ligaments in Friday's Super Rugby match between the Waikato Chiefs and the Wellington Hurricanes. Brodie Retallick and Ben Smith were both said to be "very good" after recent concussion problems.	British and Irish Lions tour captain Sam Warburton will lead the team in Tuesday's match against the Highlanders in Dunedin.
The 34-year-old victim was attacked in Glenrosa Link in the north of the city at about 01:15 BST on Sunday. Police said he was taken to hospital and "remains in a stable condition". Officers arrested two 26-year-old men a short time after the attack. They are being questioned at Musgrave police station in Belfast.	Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was struck on the head with a hatchet in Belfast.
It was done by "flushing out" retired cells that had stopped dividing. They accumulate naturally with age. The scientists believe their findings could eventually "really have an impact" in the care of the elderly. Experts said the results were "fascinating", but should be taken with a bit of caution. The study, published in Nature, focused on what are known as "senescent cells". They stop dividing into new cells and have an important role in preventing tumours from progressing. These cells are cleared out by the immune system, but their numbers build up with time. The researchers estimated that around 10% of cells are senescent in very old people. Scientists at the Mayo Clinic, in the US, devised a way to kill all senescent cells in genetically engineered mice. The animals would age far more quickly than normal, and when they were given a drug, the senescent cells would die. The researchers looked at three symptoms of old age: formation of cataracts in the eye; the wasting away of muscle tissue; and the loss of fat deposits under the skin, which keep it smooth. Researchers said the onset of these symptoms was "dramatically delayed" when the animals were treated with the drug. When it was given after the mice had been allowed to age, there was an improvement in muscle function. One of the researchers, Dr James Kirkland, said: "I've never seen anything quite like it." His colleague Dr Jan van Deursen told the BBC: "We were very surprised by the very profound effect. I really think this is very significant." The treatment had no effect on lifespan, but that may be due to the type of genetically engineered mouse used. The study raises the tantalising prospect of slowing the signs of ageing in humans. However, senescent cells cannot be just flushed out of human beings. Dr Deursen said: "I'm very optimistic that this could really have an impact. Nobody wants to live longer if the quality of life is poor." He argued that young people were already clearing out their senescent cells. "If you can prime the immune system, boost it a little bit, to make sure senescent cells are removed, that might be all it needs. "Or develop a drug that targets senescent cells because of the unique proteins the cells make." Dr Jesus Gil, from the Medical Research Council's Clinical Sciences Centre, said the findings needed to be "taken with a bit of caution. It is a preliminary study". However, he said it was a fascinating study which "suggests if you get rid of senescent cells you can improve phenotypes [physical traits] associated with ageing and improve quality of life in aged humans".	The onset of wrinkles, muscle wasting and cataracts has been delayed and even eliminated in mice, say researchers in the US.
David Copeland was jailed for targeting Brick Lane, Soho and Brixton in 1999 in a 13-day nail bombing campaign that left three people dead and 139 injured. He has now been sentenced for attacking an inmate at HMP Belmarsh with a toothbrush modified with razor blades. Copeland, 39, will not now be eligible for release until he is in his mid-70s. Woolwich Crown Court heard that in June last year Copeland - who was given six life sentences in 2000 for the London bombings - was being held at the maximum security prison in south-east London. He had a row or dispute with fellow inmate Thomas McDonagh and entered the exercise yard the next day with a toothbrush, modified to hold two razor blades, hidden in his trousers. As he approached McDonagh, another prisoner, Sean Duignan, punched Copeland and there was a chase across the yard. Duignan ran into the prison laundry, pulled down a notice board and said: "I'm going to do him, let me have him". However, as a prisoner officer intervened to stop Duignan going after the killer, Copeland turned his attention to McDonagh. Copeland slashed twice at McDonagh, leaving him with parallel scarring from the twin-bladed weapon, one injury running from his ear across his face and the other above his eye. Moments later Copeland was overpowered by prison officers with a baton strike to his leg. He was placed in solitary confinement for 11 months. Judge Anuja Dhir QC said the attack happened so quickly that officers could not stop it. She said: "The attack involved David Copeland running 20 metres or more across the yard with a weapon on show. "He wanted to inflict a permanent reminder of what he had done - and he achieved that aim." Sentencing Copeland, who pleaded guilty to wounding with intent, the judge added: "You are dangerous, but the danger you pose to the public is sufficiently controlled." But said the nature of the offence meant she had to give him an additional sentence on top of his existing minimum term. Copeland's six life sentences carry a minimum term of 50 years. He will serve at least 18 months of his additional three-year sentence. However, Copeland will still not be released until the Parole Board is sure it is safe to do so. Throughout the hearing, Copeland - who now has a thick short beard and a receding hairline - listened intently on a video link from HMP Frankland. When Judge Dhir asked if he understood the extra sentence, he said he did and then waved to her at the end of the hearing. The judge commended Det Con Yeliz Ersiner of the Metropolitan Police for how she had handled the investigation, and prison officers Frank Hughes and Paul Leahy for their actions in the prison yard.	One of the UK's most dangerous hate-crime killers has been sentenced to three additional years in prison for attacking a fellow inmate.
Tariq Javed absconded while the jury at Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court was considering its verdicts on Monday. The 37-year-old, of Aspinall Street, Rusholme, was later convicted in his absence of eight counts of sexual activity with a child under 13. Police said Javed was a "flight risk" and that ports were on alert. An arrest warrant has been issued while a sentencing date of 21 March has also been fixed. Javed is known to have links to the Stockport and Manchester areas. Det Insp Ian Cottrell, of Greater Manchester Police, said: "Javed has been convicted of incredibly serious offences committed against children. "He is thought to be a flight risk and warnings have been put in place at ports and airports to ensure he does not escape the country but faces punishment for his atrocious crimes. "I would like to make very clear that anyone found to be sheltering Javed will face arrest and prosecution." Anyone with information of Javed's whereabouts should contact police.	A manhunt is under way for a convicted sex offender who fled court shortly before he was found guilty of sexual offences against a child.
