premise: Cytokinesis is the final stage of cell division in eukaryotes as well as prokaryotes. [SEP] hypothesis: Cytokinesis is the final stage of cell division in eukaryotes as well as prokaryotes.	entailment
premise: Breast cancer is the most common cancer in females and is the second leading cause of cancer death among women. [SEP] hypothesis: Breast cancer is the most common type of cancer in adult females.	entailment
premise: Three thin membranes, called meninges, cover the entire brain and spinal cord forming a thin protective layer. [SEP] hypothesis: The three layers of protective coverings of the spinal cord is called the meninges.	entailment
premise: Populations can be defined as the collection of all the individuals of a given species that live together in a particular habitat. [SEP] hypothesis: All members of a species living together form a(n) population.	entailment
premise: Hemoglobin is the part of blood that distributes oxygen from the lungs to tissues in the body. [SEP] hypothesis: Hemoglobin is the name of the blood protein that carries oxygen from the lungs to the body's assorted tissues.	entailment
premise: Thermoregulation The means by which an animal maintains its body temperature. [SEP] hypothesis: Thermoregulation is the process when animals maintain an internal temperature.	entailment
premise: thus, there are a total of six leptons and six quarks. [SEP] hypothesis: There are six types of leptons.	entailment
premise: Four valves assist with the flow of blood through the heart. [SEP] hypothesis: There are four valves in the heart.	entailment
premise: Passive transport involves the movement of molecules across the cell membrane without an input of energy by the cell. [SEP] hypothesis: When substances pass through the cell membrane without needing any energy, it is called passive transport.	entailment
premise: In the retina, sensory cells called rods and cones change the photons of light into electrical signals, which are then transmitted to and interpreted by the brain. [SEP] hypothesis: The light-sensing cells in the retina are called rods and cones.	entailment
premise: Aedes aegypti mosquitoes carry the viruses that cause dengue and yellow fever. [SEP] hypothesis: Dengue fever and yellow fever are examples of diseases caused by virus.	entailment
premise: The seasons of the year are caused by the 23.5 tilt of the earth's axis. [SEP] hypothesis: The tilt of earth on its axis is one factor that contributes to seasons occurring in new york state.	entailment
premise: Diffusion is the movement of a substance from an area of greater concentration to an area of lesser concentration. [SEP] hypothesis: You call the movement of a substance from an area of a higher amount toward an area of lower amount diffusion.	entailment
premise: The cell is the basic building block of life. [SEP] hypothesis: Cells are the specialized building blocks of your body.	entailment
premise: About seven years ago, marine scientists discovered that there are between 10 and 50 million viruses in every milliliter of seawater, making marine viruses the most abundant organisms on earth. [SEP] hypothesis: Viruses are the most abundant type of biological entity on the earth.	entailment
premise: Vasoconstriction (vessel narrowing or constricting) is a decrease in blood vessel diameter that will lead to a decrease in blood flow . [SEP] hypothesis: Blood flow decrease when blood vessels constrict.	entailment
premise: Times longer than an hour may be divided into several shorter ones dispersed throughout the day. [SEP] hypothesis: Bacteria may divide several times an hour.	neutral
premise: The Volume will increase. [SEP] hypothesis: As temperature increases, volume increases.	neutral
premise: This problem started in immediate postpartum period. [SEP] hypothesis: The postpartum period starts after the baby is born, and the placenta is expelled from the body.	neutral
premise: The hierarchical structure consists of two layers. [SEP] hypothesis: The pleura that surrounds the lungs consists of two layers.	neutral
premise: Receptor proteins (such as integrins) that are inserted into the front of the cell bind to components of the extracellular matrix (ECM), thus preventing membrane retraction and providing adhesive traction for cell movement. [SEP] hypothesis: A cell's membrane provides a barrier to keep extracellular materials from mixing with its internal components.	neutral
premise: The researchers term this change microevolution. [SEP] hypothesis: Microevolution is the process by which organisms change in small ways over time.	neutral
premise: Distinguish between passive transport and active transport of molecules across membranes. [SEP] hypothesis: You call the movement of molecules across a membrane without the input of energy passive transport.	neutral
premise: Biofuels can contribute to an energy mix of environmentally-sound, domestic fuels. [SEP] hypothesis: Biomass can also be processed to make biofuel.	neutral
premise: Oxygen gas is molecular oxygen -- [SEP] hypothesis: Oxygen gas is given off by plants.	neutral
premise: We demonstrated that rate of sequence evolution is correlated with rate of genome rearrangement and provided a possible mechanism linking these two types of change. [SEP] hypothesis: Comparing genome sequences provides clues to evolution and development.	neutral
premise: Lubos's answer covers very well and in a general way the different possibilities for reactants and products in the reactions of subatomic particles and nucleons. [SEP] hypothesis: The subatomic particles of the nucleus are called nucleons.	neutral
premise: therefore, making the most of the tissue on hand is critical. [SEP] hypothesis: Ground tissue makes up most of the inside of a plant.	neutral
premise: The job of this gene is to produce a receptor -- a sort of molecular docking site -- for the brain chemical dopamine. [SEP] hypothesis: Addiction affects the dopamine receptors within the brain.	neutral
premise: Spherical Aberration, Where the surface of a convex lens in not perfectly spherical and all the rays of light do not focus at the same point. [SEP] hypothesis: Convex lenses are thicker in the middle than at the edges so they cause rays of light to converge, or meet, at a point called focus.	neutral
premise: blood cells and most plasma proteins [SEP] hypothesis: The complement system is a series of proteins constitutively found in the blood plasma.	neutral
premise: Precipitation is formed primarily in two processes. [SEP] hypothesis: Precipitation and runoff in the water cycle are primarily responsible for the creation of a lake.	neutral
