question: Nicknamed "@placeholder" for the bladelike lower-leg prostheses he wears on the track, Pistorius has always admitted that he killed Steenkamp. context: (CNN) -- The defense for Oscar Pistorius used the final day of closing arguments in a South African courtroom Friday to painstakingly go through a time line of the night he killed his girlfriend, revisiting phone records and witness testimony to back his version of events. The second and last day of closing arguments caps months of proceedings that have seen the Olympic sprinter gag, vomit and break down in heaving sobs. The judge will consider her verdict over the next five weeks and announce it next month, she said. Pistorius sent a message to supporters through his Twitter account at the end of court Friday: "Thank you to my loved ones and those that have been there for me, who have picked me up and helped me through everything. " @highlight NEW: Pistorius verdict set to be announced on September 11, 2014 @highlight Pistorius shot dead his girlfriend Reeva Steencamp on Valentine's Day last year @highlight Defense attorney alleges the state made mistakes @highlight Prosecutor calls Olympian an "appalling" witness	Oscar Pistorius
question: Outgoing Locke suggests that @placeholder travel extensively, especially to small villages in remote areas. context: Beijing (CNN) -- Washington is sending a veteran politician, not a career diplomat, as its new ambassador to China. Six-term Democratic Party Senator Max Baucus, 72, will soon take up his diplomatic post in Beijing, replacing Gary Locke, who is stepping down to rejoin his family in Seattle. Given his relative lack of China experience, some, in both the U.S. and in China are wondering if Baucus is a good choice. He has made eight trips to China and has met with to Chinese leaders, but he is not considered a China hand. His strong suit is his extensive experience when it comes to trade issues. @highlight Washington has chosen veteran politician with little diplomatic experience @highlight Senator Max Baucus will soon take up post in Beijing, replacing Gary Locke @highlight Locke faced dramatic political crises but was popular among ordinary Chinese @highlight Baucus's Washington connections likely to be his biggest asset, analysts say	Baucus
question: The agency said it does not know yet whether @placeholder or the production company conducted any activities that are regulated under the act. context: Washington (CNN) -- Claims that workers associated with Animal Planet's "Call of the Wildman" show mistreated animals have prompted federal officials to review whether an investigation is warranted. The accusations were made by the magazine Mother Jones, which alleged that "Call of the Wildman" staged animal rescues and said it found "evidence of a culture that tolerated legally and ethically dubious activities." Those activities include sedating a zebra in violation of federal rules, directing trappers to procure animals so they could be "caught" again as part of a script and wrongly completing legal documents. Animal Planet and Sharp Entertainment, the show's production company, have disputed the accusations. @highlight Magazine Mother Jones accused "Call of the Wildman" of mistreating animals @highlight The USDA is looking into the claims of drugging, trapping by Animal Planet show @highlight Animal Planet and show's production company deny the accusations @highlight "The notion that there is a culture of 'neglect' ... is absurd," channel says	Animal Planet
question: Ellis operated on @placeholder for four hours and managed to remove the remaining 80 percent of the tumor by vaporizing it from the inside with the laser and then excising it. context: LONDON, England (CNN) -- A brain surgeon performed what he called a "life-saving" surgery on a teenager by removing a large brain tumor using a method he read about on CNN.com just three days earlier. Dr. Thomas Ellis is a senior neurosurgeon at Wake Forest University in North Carolina. Dr. Thomas Ellis, a senior neurosurgeon at Wake Forest University School of Medicine in North Carolina, the United States, said he had become "very demoralized" after an unsuccessful six-hour operation to remove a tumor from a 19-year-old named Brandon. "I had had to give the boy's mother the bad news and that is not something I am used to. She was crying and it was very hard. Your story truly came at the perfect time," Ellis said. @highlight Surgeon unsuccessfully attempts to remove patient's brain tumor @highlight Later that day, he reads CNN.com story on a groundbreaking new surgery tool @highlight He contacts makers of the tool that could help in removing his patient's tumor @highlight Three days later, the patient is operated on again and all the tumor is removed	Brandon
question: @placeholder has helped Sterling mature into an international player, but he is not the finished article context: Liverpool forward Raheem Sterling needs protecting, not putting on a pedestal as England's next great hope, according to manager Brendan Rodgers. The talented 19-year-old has enjoyed a stellar nine months since regaining a place in the starting line-up, becoming one of the Reds' stand-out performers and playing in his first World Cup. Sterling has maintained that progress this season with his club, scoring twice in three matches, while also impressing in his last two matches for the national side. Raheem Sterling trains ahead of Liverpool's fixture against Aston Villa at Anfield on Saturday evening The England winger talks to manager Brendan Rodgers, who insists his young star needs to be protected @highlight Brendan Rodgers says England rush to put pressure on young stars @highlight Raheem Sterling is a 'wonderful talent' but 'will make mistakes' @highlight Rickie Lambert could start in absence of Daniel Sturridge @highlight Sturridge was injured on international duty with England @highlight Reds face Aston Villa at 5.30pm on Saturday @highlight Liverpool have not beaten Aston Villa under Brendan Rodgers at Anfield	Brendan Rodgers
question: Forming a picturesque green mound in the background of the city, @placeholder offers spectacular views of Montreal from above. context: MONTREAL, Quebec (CNN) -- Given Montreal's proximity to substantially-sized American cities -- it's just over five hours driving from Boston, Massachusetts and Hartford, Connecticut -- you might not think Quebec's largest city would be so different than these New England metropolises. Old Montreal, seen from a pier at the port, has quaint narrow streets with a slew of restaurants and shops. But in architecture, language, cuisine and culture, Montreal clearly distinguishes itself as a bustling French-flavored center with a modern Canadian accent. Montreal's convenient subway system and concentrated points of interest also make it a great choice for anyone who doesn't have a lot of time to spend away from home. @highlight Montreal is a little more than a five-hour drive from major New England cities @highlight Old Montreal has beautiful European-style buildings and borders the port @highlight McGill University has a beautiful campus in front of Mont Royal @highlight Poutine, a dish of French fries with sauce and cheese, is a well-known snack	Mont Royal
question: Twain always claimed that he had only made slight edits to @placeholder's text, but the prose was so strong that many suspected Twain himself had ghostwritten the book. context: (Mental Floss) -- Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair's memoir, "A Journey," is sparking all sorts of picketing and protesting around the U.K., so we thought it might be a good time to take a look at a few presidential memoirs from this side of the pond. Here are a few things you might not have known about former presidents' literary output. Best choice of (possible) ghostwriter Ulysses S. Grant should have been on sound financial footing when he finished his second term in 1877. He was arguably the world's most famous war hero, and he had been in the White House for eight years. @highlight "A Journey," Tony Blair's memoir, is causing protesting around the UK @highlight The memoirs of Betty Ford and Nancy Reagan outsold those of their husbands @highlight Many suspect that the "Personal Memoirs of Ulysses S. Grant" was written by Mark Twain	Ulysses S. Grant
question: Along with a customized sound rig, @placeholder was able to shoot intimate war footage that until now has been impossible. context: (CNN) -- Since 2001, there have been many excellent, award-winning and ground-breaking films, both narrative and documentary, about the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. "The Hurt Locker," "Taxi to the Dark Side," "Control Room," "Occupation: Dreamland," "Gunner Palace," "Why We Fight," "Body of War," "Ghosts of Abu Ghraib," "No End in Sight," "Restrepo," "The Prisoner: Or How I Planned To Kill Tony Blair," "Stop-Loss" and so on. All of these films have their place. Many are exceptional, moving and award-winning pieces of work, but of those that I have seen, none pack the visceral, emotional and artistic wallop that Danfung Dennis' documentary "Hell and Back Again" delivers, and all without any politics whatsoever. There's nothing, not one word of whether the United States should be fighting these wars, why we're there or who's to blame. This is an intimate film about then-25-year-old Marine Sgt. Nathan Harris, his wife (and high school sweetheart) Ashley and the personal cost of war. @highlight "Hell and Back Again" is a documentary that follows the life of a young Marine @highlight A reporter embedded with Echo Company was dropped behind enemy lines in Afghanistan @highlight The Marine's injuries are horrific, and the film deals with his coping	Danfung Dennis
question: @placeholder perfume has sold well and has already broken into the top 10 context: By Martha De Lacey PUBLISHED: 12:11 EST, 7 November 2012 | UPDATED: 13:32 EST, 12 November 2012 This Christmas is expected to be a boom year for fragrance sales, with perfumes by Lady Gaga and Marc Jacobs featuring in the top five most popular for him and her. Scent sales are up six per cent on last year, and a total of £790m to be spent in the UK over the festive season, according to industry experts. Every adult in Britain is expected to spend £17.59 on perfume gifts this Christmas. Lady Gaga's perfume is one of the best selling fragrances of the year so far @highlight Top ten lists for him and her created by fragrance website escentual.com @highlight Scents by Lady Gaga and James Bond among nation's most popular @highlight Christmas sales of perfume account for over half all annual sales	Lady Gaga
question: @placeholder, not for the first time, simply suffered in silence. context: London (CNN) -- I was standing just a few meters from Prince Harry as he got to his feet. His older brother Prince William was there too. But this was Harry's show -- a charity mission to Maseru, the capital of the poverty-stricken African Kingdom of Lesotho where the prince had established a charity Sentebale, to aid the country's vulnerable children. It was a mission, back in June 2010, and one of which the younger prince is rightly proud. Within seconds of starting his speech, however, Harry couldn't resist a playful swipe at his older brother. Yet again, the third in line to the throne, who proudly boasts a healthy mop of red hair, mocked William's receding hairline. @highlight Harry is a showman, a natural performer in front of the camera and a microphone @highlight Like his mother, Diana, he is flawed and that makes him interesting @highlight It's a very different story for brother Prince William, second in line to the throne @highlight Will perfectly fits bill as future King - he speaks well and conducts himself with aplomb	Prince William
question: @placeholder has seen his side fail at the Britannia for the last four years but never before have they been so obviously outplayed. context: Easy as one, two, three. Mark Hughes didn’t need to over-complicate this victory — the message was simple. Get the ball wide, put Arsenal’s fragile defence under pressure and reap the rewards. This was nothing to do about intensity or the Britannia Stadium resembling a cauldron — the Gunners simply weren’t good enough and couldn’t deal with what was thrown at them. They were outplayed — both in and out of possession. Hughes sounded as if the Potters had just routinely beaten a Burnley or Leicester, not a team boasting Alexis Sanchez and who have spent more than £100million on a revamped squad over the past year. @highlight Arsenal were beaten 3-2 at Stoke, after being 3-0 down at half-time @highlight Gunners' fans have begun to demand a change in management @highlight Arsenal were outplayed both in and out of possession against Stoke @highlight Wenger admitted that Stoke were out of the blocks quicker than Arsenal	Wenger
question: With the popularization of @placeholder and online forums as tools to express beliefs worldwide, radical youths are able to lure in other supporters from around the globe. context: After two terrorist attacks in Canada in a week left two Canadian soldiers dead, ISIS has stepped up its rhetoric calling for even more radicals to carry out mass murder and mayhem in the country. An even more horrifying fact is that an estimated 130 Muslim youths in Canada have been seduced and radicalized by ISIS and have even left Canada behind to join forces with them. The first attack happened Monday night -  a hit-and-run by suspected jihadist Martin Rouleau. Jihadist tweets: ISIS supporters have taken to Twitter to call upon more lone wolf terrorist attacks in Canada @highlight Suspected terrorist attacks in Canada have sparked commentary from the online jihadist community on Twitter who are calling upon others to strike @highlight 'Muslims in Canada, follow the footsteps of our brave brother Martin Rouleau who took revenge for Canadian military aggression in our lands,' wrote suspected jihadist Abu Khalid Al-Kanadi @highlight The Canadian government estimates that over 130 Muslim youth have already left the country to join ISIS and that the number is growing	Twitter
question: Miss @placeholder has defended the win, saying there was no Middlesex competition, so she joined one nearby context: By Chris Pleasance Smiling along with her fellow contestants, Charlotte Giles looks picture perfect as she celebrates being crowned the new Miss Hampshire. But cheers turned to jeers and a row erupted shortly afterwards when it emerged 23-year-old Miss Giles is actually from Twickenham, in Middlesex. Fellow contestant Michaela Cater, 19, even lodged a complaint against her, but the victory will stand because Miss Giles lives within 50 miles of the Hamshire border. Charlotte Giles, 23, has been crowned Miss Hampshire, but a row has broken out after it emerged she is actually from neighboring Middlesex Despite smiling alongside Miss Giles (centre), fellow contestant Michaela Cater (third from right) lodged a complaint against her, calling the win 'silly' @highlight Charlotte Giles, 23, has been crowned as the new Miss Hampshire @highlight However she is actually from Twickenham, in nearby Middlesex @highlight Competition rules are anyone within 50 miles of county border can enter @highlight However fellow contestant Michaela Cater, 19, has complained @highlight Miss Cater, who won 'Miss Popularity', is asking for rule to be scrapped	Charlotte Giles
question: While violence has fallen off across much of Iraq, bombings and shootings remain a near-daily occurrence in @placeholder, which is home to nearly a third of the country's oil reserves. context: Kirkuk, Iraq (CNN) -- The American military footprint in the volatile northern Iraqi city of Kirkuk has all but disappeared ahead of a year-end deadline to withdraw, raising questions about the security of a small contingent of State Department employees and contractors staying behind. The questions come as Iraqi and U.S. officials welcomed what they have called in recent weeks a new phase in the American-Iraqi partnership. "We are absolutely committed to be your partner to the extent you want us to be," Vice President Joe Biden told Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki during a visit last week to Iraq. @highlight The U.S. State Department is taking over where the American military leaves off as it withdraws from Iraq @highlight "We do not have a combat mission. Period," the military liaison in Kirkuk tells CNN @highlight The base, formerly known as Camp Warrior, is now called Contingency Operating Site Kirkuk @highlight Questions about the security and safety of contractors are being raised as the U.S. military leaves	Contingency Operating Site Kirkuk
question: @placeholder, in the coming months and years, will let her actions speak for her. context: London (CNN) -- The venomous attack on the pregnant Duchess of Cambridge by author Hilary Mantel calling her bland and "machine made" is a cheap publicity stunt. Her remarks saying her impression of our future queen is that of a "jointed doll on which certain rags are hung," with a "plastic smile" and "only purpose being to give birth," is mean spirited in the extreme. Where does the double Man Booker Prize winner get this impression? Has she ever seen Kate up close or seen her interact with people at home and abroad? I doubt it very much. If she had she would not have been so rude and inaccurate. @highlight Royal correspondent Robert Jobson says Hilary Mantel's attack on Catherine is a venomous publicity stunt @highlight People who meet Kate warm to her. She has a winning smile and easy charm, says Robson @highlight Robson: I am surprised someone of Mantel's stature has joined in attacking Kate for no reason @highlight She has abused her position among the novel-writing elite to launch this attack, he says	Duchess of Cambridge
question: After the crash, @placeholder said: ‘If anyone is involved in a car crash you are glad to see they are OK but yeah, obviously, it was a pretty scary incident.’ context: By Arthur Martin Coy: Irish model Nadia Forde, who is friends with Rory McIlroy Sinking a simple putt may have won him the Open – but was there a greater driving force behind Rory McIlroy’s triumph yesterday? A budding romance, perhaps? The victory – and spectacular return to form – meant the 25-year-old golf star became the third youngest player to win three major championships. It all coincides with his blossoming friendship with Irish lingerie model Nadia Forde. After being introduced by mutual friends last year, the pair have remained tight-lipped about  the nature of their relationship. Meanwhile McIlroy’s ex-fiancee,  Danish tennis star Caroline Wozniacki, 24, seems to be thriving on being a single woman after winning the Istanbul Cup yesterday – her first title of the year. @highlight Open champion's incredible victory coincides with growing friendship @highlight Nadia Forde and the Northern Irish golfer have been coy over relationship @highlight She was not at McIlroy's historic win, despite speculation she would attend	McIlroy
question: Kameni jumps in for a ball with @placeholder striker Suarez in an attempt to punch away context: After keeping a clean sheet during 180 minutes of football against Barcelona this season Malaga goalkeeper Carlos Kameni knows a thing or two about stopping the world’s most expensive forward line. When Barcelona drew 0-0 at La Rosaleda earlier in the season they failed to muster a shot on target and Leo Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez were frustrated again on Saturday. ‘We knew that Barcelona are very good at getting in behind teams and reaching the byline so we were very aware of trying to send them inside at every opportunity so that they couldn’t hurt us down the wings,’ the goalkeeper  said after his side’s 1-0 victory. @highlight Malaga beat Barcelona 1-0 at the Nou Camp in La Liga on Saturday @highlight Carlos Kameni kept out Lionel Messi and Co for 180 minutes this season @highlight Keeper believes Manchester City must protect wings against Barcelona	Barcelona
question: He spent his career as center for the @placeholder from 1956 to 1969. context: By Daily Mail Reporter PUBLISHED: 10:23 EST, 19 October 2013 | UPDATED: 10:23 EST, 19 October 2013 Basketball great Bill Russell has been arrested for bringing a loaded gun to Sea-Tac International Airport in Seattle, police have confirmed. The 79-year-old NBA legend - who won 11 championships with the Boston Celtics before going on to coach the Seattle Supersonics and Sacramento Kings - was caught by airport security on Wednesday during a routine screening of carry-on baggage. Port of Seattle Police Department spokesman Perry Cooper said Russell was arrest and issued a state citation for possessing a .38-caliber Smith & Wesson handgun in a prohibited area. @highlight Stopped by Seattle security during screening for having handgun in carry-on luggage @highlight Facing fine of up to $7,500 in addition to local or state criminal charges @highlight Guns can only be transported in check-in luggage and must be declared @highlight Russell is an 11-time NBA champion who was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2011	Boston Celtics
question: "It was a gift, in a way, to @placeholder," he said. context: WASHINGTON (CNN) -- Shouting from the audience. Holding up signs blasting the health care reform bill before Congress. Frequent hissing and booing. Many Facebook and Twitter users condemned Rep. Joe Wilson for his outburst toward President Obama. Though it sounds like behavior at one of the health care town hall meetings last month, it was how some Republicans reacted to President Obama's speech to a joint session of Congress on Wednesday night. But Norm Ornstein, a longtime observer of Congress and an expert at the American Enterprise Institute, said the tone and behavior from members of Congress are not necessarily new. @highlight President Obama delivered his health care reform plan to Congress on Wednesday @highlight GOP Rep. Joe Wilson yelled out "you lie" during Obama's speech @highlight S.C. observer says his view might be echoing sentiment from voters	Obama
question: From 1862 to 1864 @placeholder spent June through November living in a cottage atop a hill at the Soldiers' Home a few miles from the White House. context: (Mental Floss) -- We're in the throes of summer vacation season, but at least one American is still on the job. While it's rumored that President Obama will follow in the footsteps of President Clinton and vacation on Martha's Vineyard, he hasn't had a chance to break out his Bermuda shorts just yet. When Obama does take off, though, he'll join in the grand tradition of presidential vacations, like these notable ones: President Bush (R) and Danish Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen ride bikes in Crawford, Texas, in 2008. 1. Abe Lincoln doesn't go too far Far-flung vacations are nice, but President Lincoln preferred to stay a bit closer to home. When Lincoln needed a getaway from the heat and political turmoil of Civil War-era Washington, D.C., he headed to...a different part of Washington, D.C. @highlight U.S. presidents leave the White House to relax on vacations @highlight Presidents Lyndon Johnson, Ronald Reagan, George W. Bush visited their ranches @highlight Taxpayers spent $625,000 sprucing up President Nixon's Florida home @highlight Pres. Lincoln spent four months at the slightly cooler Soldiers' Home	Abe Lincoln
question: Pro-democracy activists, as well as advocates for @placeholder independence and the spiritual group Falun Gong, have Web sites carrying information and views that the Chinese authorities deem "subversive." context: Editor's note: In our Behind the Scenes series, CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events. Here, CNN's Jaime FlorCruz writes about press freedoms covering the Olympics. Journalists surf the Internet at the main Olympics press center in Beijing. BEIJING, China (CNN) -- For many overseas reporters now in Beijing, covering the Summer Games has turned into an Olympian task. We go through tedious security checkpoints to cover events and conduct interviews even as we deal with bureaucratic and linguistic barriers. But we face one particularly irritating issue: China's limits on Internet access. @highlight Internet access remains erratic for journalists in Beijing covering the Olympics @highlight Many sites about Tibet and spiritual group Falon Gong are deemed "subversive" @highlight China promised no restrictions on journalists when it bid for the Games @highlight Documents show IOC agreements were based on China's domestic laws	Tibet
question: I'm a Barbie girl: The pink hued @placeholder themed toys will see children design a building blocks version of her popular house context: By Sean Poulter PUBLISHED: 19:03 EST, 1 February 2013 | UPDATED: 19:10 EST, 1 February 2013 The company behind Barbie is releasing Lego-style building blocks based on the iconic doll. Mega Bloks Barbie will allow young girls to build, design and decorate their own, mainly pink, Barbie world – and even construct her signature convertible car. The new line of toys is a result of a collaboration between Mattel and the makers of Mega Bloks. It appears to be a reaction to the decision by Lego to launch a hugely successful – but controversial – series of building sets specifically for girls, called Lego Friends. @highlight Mattel to unveil Lego-lookalike building blocks Mega Bloks Barbie @highlight New toys similar to successful range for girls called Lego Friends	Barbie
question: Ukraine blames @placeholder for a crude propaganda stunt in naming him. context: A report released by a German investigative group insists it was a Russian missile launcher that shot down flight MH17 in July killing all 298 passengers. Searching For The Truth, a documentary produced by CORRECT!V, offers fresh testimonies from military experts, separatist fighters and residents of East Ukraine. They have also collected photo, video and satellite evidence to produce a compelling account of how events unfolded on July 17 last year. Their findings come just one day after pictures emerged of the Ukrainian air force pilot accused by pro-Russian rebels of being the man who shot the plane down. Scroll down for video @highlight Report released by German investigative group says Russians are to blame @highlight Searching For The Truth offers new evidence from experts and witnesses @highlight Comes after pro-Russian rebels accused Ukrainian pilot of downing plane @highlight Report trashes this theory, claiming MH17 was too close to Russian air space to have been shot down by Ukrainian pilot @highlight Crash killed all 298 people on board Malaysia Airlines flight on July 17	Russian
question: "@placeholder is the best tennis player of the history, and of course he's the favorite," he said. context: (CNN) -- Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer remain on course for a semifinal clash at the Australian Open after both men recorded straight sets victories in Melbourne on Sunday. Nadal, the 2009 champion, defeated fellow Spaniard Feliciano Lopez 6-4 6-4 6-2 while 16-time grand slam winner Federer breezed past Australian teenager Bernard Tomic 6-4 6-2 6-2. Federer, the world number three, will now face Juan Martin Del Potro after the Argentinean enjoyed a comfortable 6-4 6-2 6-1 victory over German Philipp Kohlschreiber. Nadal will meet Tomas Berdych in the last eight as the Czech overcame a tough encounter with Spanish tenth seed Nicolas Almagro to win 4-6 7-6 7-6 7-6. @highlight Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal both cruise into the Australian Open quarterfinals @highlight Number three seed Federer dispatches Australian Bernard Tomic in straight sets @highlight Federer will now face Juan Martin Del Potro after Argentine beat Philipp Kohlschreiber @highlight Nadal beats Feliciano Lopez in straight sets to book clash with Tomas Berdych	Federer
question: But the implications of @placeholder's struggle over press freedom could stretch far beyond the region's borders, Amnesty International's Zuniga said. context: (CNN) -- As attackers target reporters and governments shut down television stations, Latin America ranks among the most dangerous regions for journalists, according to an Amnesty International report released Friday Nearly 400 journalists were threatened or attacked in the Americas in 2010, and at least 13 were killed by unidentified assailants, the human rights organization said in its annual report. "In many cases, those killed were believed to have been targeted because of their efforts to uncover corruption or to expose the links between officials and criminal networks," Amnesty International's annual report says. Mexico is one of the worst offenders, said Javier Zuniga, a special adviser on human rights at Amnesty International. @highlight The report says nearly 400 journalists were threatened or attacked in 2010 @highlight Rights specialist: 11 have been killed in Mexico since the beginning of 2010 @highlight Journalists are also attacked and killed in Honduras, Colombia and Brazil @highlight TV stations are shut down in Venezuela and the Dominican Republic	Latin America
question: They also promised to 'respond to health emergencies and protect vulnerable people', particularly victims of human trafficking, but insisted that the measures would not encourage immigrants to gather in @placeholder. context: A mechanic has told how he forced open a refrigerated yogurt truck to free suspected illegal immigrants who he thought were dying. The 24 Africans had been frantically banging on the sides of the lorry, parked in Whitfield, near Dover in Kent, in a bid to alert passers-by. The immigrants, all young male and female Eritrean nationals, are thought to have been concealed in the trailer for hours before being released. Scroll down for video A mechanic has told how he forced open a refrigerated yogurt truck to free suspected illegal immigrants who he thought were dying The trailer, which was carrying a cargo of yoghurt, had travelled on a lorry on a cross-Channel ferry from France to Dover. @highlight Andy Groombridge forced open lorry to free migrants he thought were dying @highlight 24 Eritreans had been banging on sides of the lorry parked in Whitfield, Kent @highlight Mechanic said the immigrants 'staggered out into the air' shouting 'oxygen' @highlight Comes as Government promises £12m to  tackle problem of illegal immigrants at Calais hoping to enter Britain	Calais
question: Commenting on this relatively high BMI in France, Lamm said: '@placeholder has a culture that respects food context: By Victoria Woollaston PUBLISHED: 05:55 EST, 2 October 2013 | UPDATED: 07:25 EST, 3 October 2013 Does the U.S really have one of the biggest obesity problems in the world, and which country is actually the Land of the Giants? Pittsburgh artist Nickolay Lamm has studied the body measurements of average men in America, Japan, France and the Netherlands and discovered U.S men are, in fact the fattest, while Dutch men are the tallest. Lamm used these figures to work out the average BMI for each country and has created computer-generated images to show how the nationalities stack up against each other. @highlight The average BMI for a U.S. male is 29 - the highest of any country studied @highlight Japanese men have the smallest average waist size at 82.9cm @highlight Artist has created a line-up of what these men look like next to each other @highlight The information was verified by a body shape measurement expert	France
question: Formed in 1997, @placeholder employs about 90 Bolivians, the company says on its Web site. context: LA PAZ, Bolivia (CNN)  -- Bolivian President Evo Morales nationalized the Chaco petroleum company Friday, taking over the BP subsidiary with the military on standby. Bolivian leader Evo Morales speaks before parliament Thursday in the capital, La Paz. "With this decree," Morales said in a nationally televised address from an oil field in Cochabamba, "we nationalize all the petroleum business in Chaco for all Bolivians." Chaco is jointly owned by Pan American Energy and the Bolivian Pension Fund, each with a 50 percent stake, BP spokesman David Nicholas said from Great Britain. BP owns 60 percent of Pan American Energy, and Bridas Corp. owns the other 40 percent, Nicholas said @highlight Bolivian President Evo Morales nationalizes Chaco petroleum company @highlight Morales guarantees petroleum workers that their jobs will be safe @highlight Military on standby in nationalization of BP subsidiary @highlight Move comes 48 hours before Bolivian vote on new constitution	Chaco
question: "The aim of introducing the new tire is to prevent any instances of the tread detaching itself from the structure," the @placeholder statement continued. context: (CNN) -- Formula One is supposed to be about drivers racing fast cars, but this season it seems to be all about the tires. There have been complaints from teams and drivers, with an official investigation also underway over a development test, while the latest twist involves Pirelli putting its plan on hold to introduce new race tires at next month's Canadian Grand Prix. Instead, each of the 22 drivers will be given two sets of development medium compound tires to try out during the first practice session at the Gilles Villeneuve Circuit in Montreal on 7 June. A statement by the Italian manufacturer explained: "The Formula One teams will have an opportunity to test the new range of Pirelli tires during free practice at the Canadian Grand Prix, while the tires used for the actual race will remain in their original 2013 specification. @highlight Pirelli put plans to introduce new race tires at next month's Canadian Grand Prix on hold @highlight Each of the 11 teams will instead try out development tires in the first practice session @highlight Pirelli wants to change tires to stop delaminations @highlight Mercedes face an FIA investigation over involvement in tire test	Pirelli
question: The @placeholder on Tuesday urged all Americans to leave Yemen. context: (CNN) -- Drone strikes against militants in Yemen are intensifying as the U.S. Embassy there and in other Middle Eastern and African countries remain closed amid terrorism fears. At least eight suspected U.S. drone strikes have been reported in the past two weeks alone. They have killed at least 34 people, according to a tally by Yemeni officials. Three separate strikes were reported Thursday. In central Yemen's Mareb province, eight people were killed in an early morning drone strike, including four with links to al Qaeda, local security officials said. Two civilians were among those killed in the strike, which targeted two vehicles, the officials said. @highlight At least eight suspected U.S. drone strikes occur in the past two weeks @highlight Tally: At least 34 people die in that period @highlight The heightened strikes parallel the closing of U.S. embassies and consulates @highlight Al Qaeda's group in Yemen is cutting down on attacks	U.S.
question: The charity proudly shared this image of a @placeholder employee fitting the chair, despite anger over the direction context: By Rebecca English The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were branded ‘irresponsible’ last night over a £260 child car seat fitted in Prince George’s official car just hours before his hugely anticipated first royal tour was due to begin. The Maxi-Cosi Tobi safety seat was installed in the ‘royal limo’ for the future king by Plunket, a national charity which provides services and support to parents and young children. At Kate and William’s specific request, a technician from the society installed the seat facing outwards. Scroll down for video Controversy: Prince George, pictured a day old, will face forwards in the royal limo on the tour Down Under @highlight Maxi-Cosi Tobi installed in limo by Australian parent support charity Plunket @highlight In UK, babies face forwards at 8 months but charity's rules state 2 years @highlight Organisation criticised royals for overriding guidelines, putting baby at risk @highlight Royal couple's secretary says trip 'planned with George's comfort in mind' @highlight Family currently travelling First Class on Qantas flight with nanny to Sydney	Plunket
question: The tendency to treat @placeholder as children to be helped is a relic of our colonial past. context: (CNN) -- So finally, Madonna's honeymoon with Malawi has ended with a spat. Malawi's minister of education accused Madonna of "bullying officials" and exaggerating the extent of her charity in the country. Trouble started when the government withdrew her VIP status and she therefore had to wait in line like everyone else to go through immigration. President Joyce Banda said that Madonna felt her charitable work meant that Malawi should "be forever chained to the obligation of gratitude." For her part, Madonna described the reports as inaccurate, and and pledged to continue helping educate young girls in the nation. For some years now, Madonna had literally and figuratively adopted that country, and two of its children. She also made a documentary. But it was clear that her relationship with Malawi, like many other patron-client relations, would lead to quarrels and recriminations. @highlight Madonna and Malawi's government have had a public spat @highlight Many Western celebrity charity missions in Africa tend towards self-righteousness, says Andrew Mwenda @highlight These initiatives can be positive, but they present Africans as passive recipients of charity. he argues @highlight Mwenda: In the long term, "celebrity activism kills private enterprise"	Africans
