Justin Welby said it was an "enormous privilege" to house the family, as he helped launch a Home Office scheme to encourage community groups to sponsor refugee families coming to the country. Churches, charities and businesses have been asked to offer support. The UK has said it will take in 20,000 vulnerable refugees from Syria by 2020. Launched by Mr Welby and new Home Secretary Amber Rudd, the scheme is designed to make it easier for churches, charities, faith groups and businesses to help support refugees attempting to restart their lives in the UK. Under the new scheme, refugees arriving in the UK can be directly sponsored by community groups, which would meet them at the airport, provide housing for them and help them settle into their new lives. A website has been set up by the Home Office to enable businesses and individuals to donate to refugees. Last year, then Prime Minister David Cameron announced that Britain would take in 20,000 of the most vulnerable refugees from Syria by 2020. So far, 1,800 have arrived and been resettled. Asma was once a successful architect living what she describes as a "fancy life." And then one day it all - quite literally - came crashing down. She had gone out to the shops in the Syrian city of Homs when a missile hit her home, killing her entire family. "My house was destroyed. All my family were inside. When you lose everything and have to start again in a new country, it's not easy," she said. Asma came to the UK under the Vulnerable Persons Relocation Scheme, and now lives in Bradford where she is trying to get the qualifications she needs to start work. Her training is funded by World Jewish Relief, the British Jewish community's international development agency. The sponsorship scheme is backed by Mr Welby, who became its first official sponsor when he took in a Syrian family. He said the family were "treasured human beings" who deserved the opportunity to flourish. "It is an enormous privilege to welcome a family to live in a cottage on the grounds of Lambeth Palace. "The scheme is a way of ensuring that those who come are surrounded by love and concern and support. Many of them come with deep trauma," he added. Ms Rudd, who used her first public appearance as home secretary to launch the scheme, added: "The response of the British public to the refugee crisis has been one of overwhelming generosity and many have been moved to make kind offers of assistance." She denied it was a way of getting the community to pick up the tab for the refugees. "It's not about cutting costs. It's about making sure that families who come here really are welcomed," she said. The West London Synagogue of British Jews - which has a tradition of helping refugees - is one of the organisations now planning to host a Syrian family. "This seems to me a good way forward," Rabbi Neil Janes said. Referring to the racist attacks and "toxic environment" that have followed the EU referendum, he added: "I think most of British society wants to help the most vulnerable. It's only a minority who are creating a difficult climate."	A Syrian family taken in by the UK are living in an empty cottage in the grounds of Lambeth Palace, the Archbishop of Canterbury has said.
The Bluebirds defender has undergone ankle surgery after being injured in the 2-0 win over Preston. "We'll know more about that in two weeks time, but he's out for a few months we think," he said. Warnock also praised the impact Garry Monk has had at Leeds United since he took over last June ahead of Cardiff's visit to Elland Road. The Cardiff boss hopes defender Peltier could possibly return to action before the end of the season. "Apparently the operation went better than expected," he told BBC Radio Wales Sport. "They took three or four big chunks of bone out of his ankle that. It's quite amazing how he's played for as long as he has really. "He should be ok by the end of the season." As Warnock prepares to return to one of his old clubs, he has heaped praise on former Swansea boss Monk, who has guided the Elland Road club to fifth in the Championship. Monk is the sixth full time head coach appointed by owner Massimo Cellino since June 2014 and Warnock thinks he is the stand-out boss of the division. "Garry has clamed him (Cellino) down a little bit. They needed someone to steady the ship and show him what can happen if everything goes quietly behind the scenes. And that's what Garry's done. "He (Cellino) has been looking for that person like Garry Monk because it would have been easy to get rid of him after the first few games. "They had a terrible start where a lot of people would have panicked. But he's probably my manager of the season so far." Monk parted company with Swansea in December 2015 after one win in 11 Premier League games. And Warnock has been impressed with the way that he's responded to that disappointment. "At the time it was probably the easy decision for the chairman (Huw Jenkins) to make rather than support him. And that's what they do sometimes, they take the easy way out," he said. "When you're a manager you have to look to the next challenge. You can't have any regrets. You look at thing you do well and I'm sure Garry looked back at things that he didn't do so well because that's how you learn as a manager. "You don't get carried away too much if you have a good time. In the same ways you don't get too down if you have some bad times."	Cardiff defender Lee Peltier could be out for the rest of the season, according to City boss Neil Warnock.
Petrov, 37, retired in 2013 after being diagnosed with leukaemia, but trained with Villa in the summer. He was not offered a playing deal, but Nuneaton boss Kevin Wilson says he could join them in a player-coach role. "We're trying to give him the opportunity to get the coaching hours in and get the experience," he said. The former Bulgaria captain, who made 218 appearances for Villa, played Sunday league football for Wychall Wanderers during his retirement, helping them win the Central Warwickshire Over-35s Premier Division One Cup. Nuneaton are currently 13th in English football's sixth tier having won just three times in their first 12 league games. "People say he's been in the professional game, but everybody has to learn and take the process that comes," Wilson told BBC Coventry and Warwickshire. "We'll wait and see how it goes, but it's exciting for a football club like ours."	Former Aston Villa player Stiliyan Petrov has been offered a coaching job with National League North side Nuneaton Town.
Spokesman Gopal Baglay told reporters that a meeting with Mr Xi had never been on Mr Modi's agenda. China's foreign ministry had said the atmosphere was not right for a meeting. Troops have been facing off along one stretch of India and China's shared border along the Himalayas. Indian media reports said that despite the government's position that a meeting between the two sides was never planned, China conclusively ruling it out was being seen as a hardening of its stance. A potential meeting between Mr Xi and Mr Modi was being seen as a way of defusing tensions. Both countries have been engaging in sharp rhetoric, after Indian troops stopped Chinese engineers from extending a border road through a plateau known as Doklam in India and Donglang in China. The plateau, which lies at a junction between China, the north-eastern Indian state of Sikkim and Bhutan, is currently disputed between Beijing and Thimphu. India supports Bhutan's claim over it. It is one of the longest stand-offs between the two sides since a war in 1962, where China defeated India.	India's foreign ministry has denied reports that China had "cancelled" a meeting between President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the sidelines of the G20 summit in Hamburg.
Donetsk grew up around the works built by John Hughes of Merthyr Tydfil in the 1870s to make plating for a naval base. The settlement was originally named Hughesovka in honour of the man whose fame had reached Tsarist Russia. Writer and documentary maker Colin Thomas said of the city: "There's very much a pride in John Hughes and his achievements." John Hughes was born in 1815 in Merthyr Tydfil where he learnt his trade from his father, an engineer at Cyfarthfa ironworks. He later worked in Ebbw Vale and Newport, where he built his reputation by patenting an number of inventions in armaments and armour plating. The Millwall Engineering and Shipbuilding Company in London was sufficiently impressed to offer Hughes a seat on the board and later a directorship. The company won worldwide acclaim for its iron cladding of wooden warships for the British Admiralty, with much of the credit going to Hughes. The company received an order from the Russian Empire for the plating of a naval fortress being built at Kronstadt on the Baltic Sea. In 1870 Hughes sailed to Ukraine with eight shiploads of equipment and around a hundred specialist ironworkers and miners, mostly from south Wales, to build a metallurgical plant and rail factory. He also took his wife and eight children to start a new life thousands of miles from home. The Hughes factory gave its name to the settlement which grew in its shadow, and the town of Hughesovka (Yuzovka) grew rapidly. In developments reminiscent of the south Wales valleys, a hospital, schools, bath houses and tea rooms were provided for the community, along with a fire brigade and an Anglican church dedicated to the patron saints St George and St David. In 1889 Hughes died during a business trip to St Petersburg, and his New Russia Company was taken over by his four surviving sons. They rapidly expanded the works in the 1890s and again at the outbreak of the World War I in 1914 to produce artillery shells. The Bolshevik Revolution of 1917 led to the departure of almost all the company's foreign employees, but the works survived and prospered under the rule of the Communists, who renamed the city Stalino. Known since 1961 as Donetsk, it is now the fifth largest city in post-Soviet Ukraine and still a major centre for coal and steel production. Colin Thomas visited the city in 1991 with historian Prof Gwyn Alf Williams to make a TV documentary about John Hughes, and found little to celebrate the link with the Welsh industrialist. But Thomas noticed a change when he returned in 2008 to what was now an independent Ukraine to make a radio programme for the BBC. "I'd been about 20 years ago at the tail end of the communist period - there was nothing to commemorate him then," he said. "Since then they've put up a statue to him - there's some pride now in the origins of the place and its connection with John Hughes." "The hotel from that period is still there, as well as some of the houses built for the skilled workers who came over from Britain to build Hughesovka." Mr Thomas added: "When I was there the British Council were running about 24 lectures about the Welsh connection with Donetsk - all heavily oversubscribed." Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovych hails from this region in the eastern, Russian-leaning part of the country. It is also home to Shakhtar Donetsk, one of Ukraine's most successful football clubs, owned by billionaire oligarch Rinat Akhmetov. The team's Â£256m Donbass Arena, which opened in August 2009 with a concert by pop star Beyonce, is the venue for England's Euro 2012 group matches against France on 11 June and Ukraine on 19 June. The 50,000 capacity stadium will also host Ukraine v France on 15 June, a quarter-final on 23 June and a semi-final on 27 June. In fact the city's role as a host city for Euro 2012 can also be credited to the legacy of John Hughes - its first football team was formed in 1911 as part of the Yuzovka steelworks' sports club.	The Ukrainian city where England played France in Euro 2012 owes its existence to a 19th Century Welsh ironmaster.
It attributed the 13% drop from 2014 to fewer attacks in Iraq, Pakistan and Nigeria, three of the five countries worst affected by terrorism. The other two are India and Afghanistan and together more than half the 11,000 attacks occurred within their borders. Separately, the UN warned that so-called Islamic State (IS) was focusing on international civilian targets. Over the past six months IS had carried out attacks in 11 countries, not including its activity in Syria, Iraq, Yemen, Afghanistan and Libya, the UN said. Islamic State: the full story An invincible force? What is the attraction of IS for young Europeans? More than 28,300 people died - a 14% decline - and about 35,300 others were wounded in 11,774 terrorist attacks worldwide last year, data compiled by the University of Maryland showed. However, attacks and deaths increased in Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Egypt, the Philippines, Syria and Turkey, State Department Acting Co-ordinator for Counterterrorism Justin Siberell said. The State Department said figures showed the terror threat "continued to evolve rapidly in 2015, becoming increasingly decentralised and diffuse". Extremists were exploiting frustration in countries "where avenues for free and peaceful expression of opinion were blocked", it said. IS was the biggest single threat, the State Department said. The group has attracted affiliates and supporters in the Middle East, Africa and Asia. Although IS was losing territory in Iraq and Syria, it had gained in strength in Libya and Egypt, the report said. The report said Iran was the biggest state sponsor of terrorism, saying it supported conflicts in Syria and Iraq, and was also implicated in violent Shia opposition raids in Bahrain. Bahrain has accused Iran of supplying weapons to Shia militants behind bomb attacks on security forces. Iran denies this.	There was a marked fall in the number of terror attacks around the world in 2015, the US State Department has said.
The European champions looked in control when Ronaldo scored twice in the first 18 minutes. His opener was a penalty and his second was a header from Nacho's cross - his eighth La Liga goal in four games. But Carlos Carmona pulled one back and Duje Cop missed a penalty for the visitors with 13 minutes left. The Croatia international, who appeared to check his pulse just before taking the kick, fired high and wide after Nacho was penalised for fouling Victor Rodriguez. Real went seven points clear briefly, but Sevilla beat Valencia 2-1 on Saturday evening to trim that lead by one point. Champions Barcelona can take it back down to four points on Sunday at Real Sociedad (19:45 GMT). Ronaldo's double takes him up to 10 La Liga goals for the season, two above Barcelona pair Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez in the golden boot race. Match ends, Real Madrid 2, Sporting de Gijón 1. Second Half ends, Real Madrid 2, Sporting de Gijón 1. Corner,  Real Madrid. Conceded by Lillo. Attempt blocked. Isco (Real Madrid) right footed shot from the left side of the box is blocked. Assisted by Cristiano Ronaldo. Attempt saved. Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Isco. Corner,  Sporting de Gijón. Conceded by Nacho. Attempt blocked. Marco Asensio (Real Madrid) left footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Isco. Attempt saved. Duje Cop (Sporting de Gijón) left footed shot from the centre of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Isma López with a cross. Substitution, Sporting de Gijón. Nacho Cases replaces Rachid. Substitution, Real Madrid. Isco replaces Mateo Kovacic. Penalty missed! Bad penalty by Duje Cop (Sporting de Gijón) right footed shot is high and wide to the right. Duje Cop should be disappointed. Nacho (Real Madrid) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Penalty conceded by Nacho (Real Madrid) after a foul in the penalty area. Penalty Sporting de Gijón. Víctor Rodríguez draws a foul in the penalty area. Substitution, Sporting de Gijón. Víctor Rodríguez replaces Moi Gómez. Substitution, Sporting de Gijón. Borja Viguera replaces Carlos Carmona. Foul by Marcelo (Real Madrid). Lillo (Sporting de Gijón) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Attempt missed. Lucas Vázquez (Real Madrid) right footed shot from the centre of the box misses to the right. Assisted by Cristiano Ronaldo with a cross following a set piece situation. Substitution, Real Madrid. Marcelo replaces Sergio Ramos. Substitution, Real Madrid. Marco Asensio replaces James Rodríguez. Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Lillo (Sporting de Gijón). Attempt missed. Luka Modric (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is high and wide to the right. Assisted by Mateo Kovacic. Foul by James Rodríguez (Real Madrid). Rachid (Sporting de Gijón) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Carlos Carmona (Sporting de Gijón) is shown the yellow card. Pepe (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Carlos Carmona (Sporting de Gijón). Attempt missed. Cristiano Ronaldo (Real Madrid) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Luka Modric with a cross following a corner. Corner,  Real Madrid. Conceded by Jorge Meré. Attempt blocked. Mateo Kovacic (Real Madrid) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Assisted by Pepe. Danilo (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Moi Gómez (Sporting de Gijón). Attempt saved. Nacho (Real Madrid) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Cristiano Ronaldo. Rachid (Sporting de Gijón) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Mateo Kovacic (Real Madrid) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Rachid (Sporting de Gijón). Foul by Lucas Vázquez (Real Madrid). Isma López (Sporting de Gijón) wins a free kick in the attacking half.	Cristiano Ronaldo scored twice but Real Madrid rode their luck to beat Sporting Gijon and go six points clear at the top of La Liga overnight.
The tiny sea creature - Hallucigenia - lived 500 million years ago, but all fossils appeared to be without heads. New specimens unearthed in Canada have revealed the missing part, revealing its strange face for the first time. Dr Martin Smith, from the University of Cambridge, said: "It looks completely surreal. It is like something from another world." The study is published in the journal Nature. The first Hallucigenia fossil was discovered more than 100 years ago, and it baffled scientists. The creature was tiny - less than 2cm long and thinner than a hair - but very strange. One side of its thin, tube-like body was covered in pairs of enormous spines, while flimsy, stick-like clawed appendages dangled from its other side. "It's had a pretty chequered history," said Dr Smith, who carried out the study with Dr Jean-Bernard Caron, from the University of Toronto, Canada. "When it was first formally described, it was the wrong way up. It was only recently that we found on which side were its feet and which side was its back. "Even then there has still been a lot of ambiguity as to which end was the head and which end was the tail." Now though, new specimens unearthed from the Burgess Shale in Canada have revealed the creature in its entirety. By delicately chipping away at the rock, scientists found a spoon-shaped head with some surprising features. "When we put it into the electron microscope, we were delighted to see not just a tiny pair of eyes looking back at us, but also beneath them a really cheeky semi-circular smile. "It was as if the fossil was grinning at us at the secrets it had been hiding," explained Dr Smith. Inside the creature's mouth, the researchers found a ring of teeth and then another set of teeth running from its throat down towards its stomach. The scientists believed Hallucigenia used its odd mouth arrangement to suck up food, and then move it down to its gut. The study also helped to clear up another mystery - a strange blob found on the fossils that was once thought to be the creature's head. "What our study shows is that it has a different composition from the animal. And rather than representing part of its body, it actually represents decay fluid - the contents of its guts - squeezed out as the animal was buried and fossilised," said Dr Smith. Scientists say Hallucigenia is helping them to learn more about the Cambrian Period - a time when life exploded into a rich array of forms - and how it then settled back into the more normal looking creatures we see today. Commenting on the study, Dr Xiaoya Ma, from the Natural History Museum, said: "Recently Hallucigenia sparsa was suggested to represent an early ancestor of the living velvet worms, known as Onychophora, as both of them share the similar growth pattern of claws. "Velvet worms also possess a worm-like body with paired non-jointed legs, but they don't have paired dorsal spines. "The discoveries will improve our understanding of the early evolution along the evolutionary line leading to today's velvet worms."	Scientists finally have a complete picture of what one of nature's most bizarre animals looked like.
World number 50 Pitchford and Drinkhall, ranked 56, are both in the British team for the Rio Olympics. Drinkhall beat Anton Kallberg of Sweden and will now meet world number 11 Fang Bo of China on Friday. Pitchford beat South Korea's Jonghoon Lim to set up a tie against world number 13 Youngsik Jeoung. Fellow British player Sam Walker was eliminated in an earlier round.	Great Britain's Paul Drinkhall and Liam Pitchford have reached the main draw at the Korea Open after coming through the final preliminary round.
Vigilante groups armed with high-powered weapons of questionable origin have pushed out a powerful drug cartel, the Knights Templar, from some of their key footholds in a region called Tierra Caliente. As the retreating drug cartel members fled towards the town of Apatzingan, they burned lorries and set up roadblocks along the main highway. Meanwhile the army, sent in to restore order and disarm the self-defence forces in the town of Antunez, opened fire, killing at least two villagers. There have also been repeated arson attacks in Apatzingan, presumably by drug gang members, right under the noses of the scores of military personnel and federal police patrolling the city. "This is a failed state," says Comandante Cinco, a self-defence leader in the village of Paracuaro. He says the community militias emerged because people were tired of paying extortion money to the drug cartels while local police did nothing to protect them. Worse still, many officers were in the pay of the cartel. The streets of Paracuaro are now firmly in the vigilantes' hands. Young men who until recently picked lemons and avocados for a living are getting acquainted with their new handguns and automatic rifles. The entire village has turned out in the main square to hear the self-defence forces explain their plan for the future now that the cartel have been run out of town. Some townsfolk are fearful of simply replacing one group of unknown armed men with another. Other people are holding up placards thanking the self-defence forces for taking on the Knights Templar. On stage, Comandante Cinco gets straight to the point: "The self-defence forces are not paramilitaries," he shouts to applause from the crowd. "You are all self-defence members too!" Q&A: Mexico's drug-related violence But while the vigilantes undoubtedly enjoy public support in the region of Tierra Caliente for the time being, the question now is whether they will be prepared to give up their weapons when the time comes. Comandante Cinco insists that will happen sooner rather than later. "At the rate we're going, I think that in two months we will have cleared the state of Knights Templar and we'll all go home." "We've only been here for ten days and already people feel free, businesses are returning to normal. In two months, the state of Michoacan will be clean." For most, though, that is an optimistic estimate. In Apatzingan most shops are staying closed until the tension eases a little. The economy in the town, as well as elsewhere in Michoacan, is taking a battering. Meanwhile the church now has entered the fray. The Bishop of Apatzingan, Miguel Patino, has also previously described the state as failed. Now he has published an open letter criticising the government's response to the crisis. "The problem we have is that often we can't find any guarantee of security among our local authorities because they are compromised by the enemies of peace," the bishop told the BBC in the cathedral in Apatzingan. "That's a serious problem because who can we turn to?" On Wednesday, the Mexican government appointed a new security chief for the state, Alfredo Castillo, tasked with the unenviable mission of restoring stability. The government of President Enrique Pena Nieto has repeatedly denied that it has lost its grip on Michoacan despite several troop surges in the state in the year since he came to office. Speaking to the BBC shortly before the latest crisis unfolded, the head of the federal police, Francisco Galindo Ceballos, rejected the bishop's description of the western state as "failed". "The government of Michoacan is in place. It's stable. It's governing. The municipal governments and the mayors are working too. "So I don't share this point of view that the state has been lost." His opinion is unlikely to have changed much since this latest push by the self-defence forces, as the Pena Nieto administration is trying to show a united front on what is a highly complex situation. For most citizens caught in the stand-off, the question of whether or not the state has failed is perhaps academic. Certainly, they see it as failing. In his open letter, the Bishop of Apatzingan asked rhetorically: "Can't [the army and the government] see we're in a state of need?" Whether he meant in need of security, in need of peace or in need of a respite from the fighting, most of his parishioners would agree.	Michoacan, the Mexican state where troops were first deployed in 2007 to tackle the drug gangs, is in danger of spiralling out of control.
About 300,000 people had gathered for Eid prayers at the Sholakia field in Kishoreganj district when the attack on a security checkpoint began. Police say four people, including two officers and one attacker, were killed. Last week, militants stormed the Holey Artisan Bakery cafe in Dhaka, killing at least 20, most of them foreigners. That attack was claimed by so-called Islamic State (IS), although the government said the attackers belonged to a local militant group. No group has said it carried out Thursday's attack. Eyewitnesses said four militants had used machetes and guns to attack police. The imam leading prayers at the Sholakia field had recently issued a decree against killing in the name of Islam. After the attack, he told journalists: "The young men who think they will go to heaven [by carrying out attacks] are wrong. They will go straight to hell." Information Minister Hasanul Haq Inu told the BBC Bengali service that the high level of preparedness of security forces had prevented an attack on the prayer congregation. "We have been able to either capture or destroy most of the terrorists," he said. Police were investigating the attack and did not rule out "IS, al-Qaeda, or the Taliban" as possible groups, "but we still do not have any evidence to suggest that Bangladeshi militants have any organisational link with foreign groups," he added. There have been security fears in Dhaka following last Friday's attack on the cafe. There were tight checks at some Eid services in the capital, with scanners and sniffer dogs used to check for bombs before worshippers could enter, AFP reported. Many people could be seen weeping during the services, while a local cleric issued a prayer to "protect our children from the evils of terrorism", AFP added. Bangladesh has also seen a spate of attacks on secular bloggers, gay activists, academics and members of religious minorities, with more than 40 killed since February 2013. Many of those attacks were claimed by Islamic State militants or al-Qaeda affiliates, although the government has blamed local groups and the opposition instead. The opposition denies the claims. Speaking on Thursday, Hasanul Haq Inu told the BBC that recent attacks were "isolated incidents through which some youngsters are taking the wrong path". "Militant terrorism is not a trend in Bangladesh, it is still not a trend," he said.	Militants have attacked police guarding the largest Eid gathering in Bangladesh, throwing homemade bombs and launching a gun attack.
The Real Junk Food Project's warehouse on the Grangefield Industrial Estate in Pudsey is stocked with surplus food from supermarkets and local businesses. Project founder Adam Smith said people "pay what they feel" for the goods by giving time, money or skills. The food is donated by several major supermarket chains as well as cafes, restaurants and food banks. How can you stop wasting food? Mr Smith said the idea of using food which was being thrown away began three years ago when a cafe, offering meals produced from waste food, opened in Armley. There are now more than 120 similar cafes across the world. The Real Junk Food Project receives on average between two and 10 tonnes of food at its warehouse every day. "Usually we donate it [leftover food] to local schools but over the summer we ended up with all this surplus and we wondered how we would get rid of it," Mr Smith said. "We moved it to one part of the warehouse, put a notice up on social media asking people to come and get it, and it just went mad." He added: "We ask that you pay what you feel in time, money and skills. We do have people coming with the intention of paying and if it carries on like it does, it will pay for the cost of the warehouse." He said he hoped to open similar "supermarkets" in towns and cities across the UK.	A food waste "supermarket", which organisers say is the first in the UK, has been opened in Leeds.
Mr Yang is a delivery man, working long shifts for one of China's busiest courier companies. Dwarfed by a huge canvas sack filled with envelopes and boxes, he moves as quickly as he possibly can from one floor to another in the office buildings where he works. Mr Yang delivers packages to the office buildings located on a single block in downtown Beijing. It doesn't sound like much, but it's a job that, quite literally, keeps him on the run. If a customer calls to complain about a late delivery, Mr Yang's company fines him 100 yuan ($16; ??10), almost all of his daily wages. The fear of losing money on the job means he rarely slows down, rising at 06:00 to collect packages from a central warehouse and working until 19:00 in the evening. "I can't even stop for a meal," he explains, without slowing his pace. "If you want to talk to me, we have to talk on the go." Yang is a front-line worker servicing China's booming courier industry - a sector that has emerged to service China's obsession with online shopping. Chinese courier services will deliver an estimated 12 billion parcels this year, according to the government's postal bureau, putting China on course to surpass the US as the world's biggest delivery sector. The vast majority of courier packages contain items ordered online. China has few brand-name bricks-and-mortar stores, giving millions of online retailers the opportunity to flog products at highly competitive prices. The sheer size of China's online retail sector is staggering. Last month, on 11 November, the country marked Singles' Day - a relatively new holiday that was invented a few years ago to give unmarried people an excuse to spoil themselves a little. On that day this year, Chinese shoppers outdid themselves, buying $9bn (??5.8bn) worth of products on the country's biggest shopping platform, Taobao. Chinese web retailers need little excuse to set up new shopping events. Right after Singles' Day, huge discounts were offered on Black Friday, originally an American shopping event, and 12-12, on 12 December, another numerically pleasing date. Christmas Day is a shopping holiday in China too. So, it's no surprise the courier industry is expanding. Almost all of the orders logged on Taobao are sent through independent couriers, like ZTO, the company that employs Mr Yang. The chief executive of ZTO, Lan Bushi, looks exhausted in the wake of Singles' Day. He's only been sleeping four or five hours a night since China's peak online shopping period began. "On a normal day, we handle seven million packages," he explains. "Suddenly, it's gone up to more than 20 million a day." "We're operating 24 hours a day non-stop. People change shifts but the machine keeps running. We're fighting time," he adds. Delivery trucks leave the courier hub and fan out across the city. Individual couriers like Mr Yang hand-deliver about 100 packages a day. Each package drop-off requires a customer's signature, stretching out the delivery process. Recipients slowly amble over to Mr Yang to half-heartedly scratch their initials on his delivery form. He fidgets as he waits for them, desperate to move on so he can deliver as many packages as possible in a day. "I make just enough money to provide food for my family," he shrugs. He has no choice but to hurry. In addition to his wife and mother living in his rural village, Mr Yang has two daughters - one is 20 and one is five. When he mentions the five-year-old, his face breaks into a big smile. But there is little time for chatter. As soon as the last package in his sack is handed over, he rushes out of the building, and over to his delivery bicycle to retrieve the next round of packages. No time to stop while China's eager online shoppers are at their computers, placing new orders.	It doesn't take long to understand why Yang Hua is so thin.
Comosa AG - a new venture involving some of the biggest names in boxing promotion, is behind the event. "It is Comosa's ambition to turn the World Boxing Super Series into the world's biggest and best boxing tournament," said Roberto Dalmiglio, Comosa's head of management board. It could start as early as September. The event will take a shootout format and involve eight fighters in two yet-to-be-decided weight classes. The winners will receive the Muhammad Ali Trophy, named after the former heavyweight world champion who died last year. "The World Boxing Super Series will change the world of boxing," said Dalmiglio. A similar Super Six World Boxing Classic was held between 2009 and 2011. Richard Schaefer, the former Golden Boy promotions chief executive, is among those involved in the venture. "Boxing has really been missing a big tournament like the World Boxing Super Series. Every major sport has one," he said.	A new shootout tournament with 16 of the world's best fighters competing for $50m (£41m) will "change the world of boxing", say those behind the plan.
Now the deputy White House press secretary has drawn comparisons with her boss by tweeting a seemingly random string of emojis. Sarah Huckabee Sanders sought to laugh the accident off, claiming her three-year-old son had stolen her phone. Reactions on Twitter ranged from confusion to unbridled joy. "This is the most coherent statement to come from the Trump administration," opined journalist David Blaustein. "Is 'lolaklkk" the next 'covfefe'?" asked tweeter Lotus Prince. Recalling White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer's defence of the covfefe tweet - "The president and a small group of people know exactly what he meant" - some readers offered their own translations. Even before Ms Huckabee Sanders explained the mishap, sympathetic parents assumed the involvement of a rogue child. Others thought the hieroglyphics would look better as a White House press statement. Ms Huckabee Sanders has clearly decided the original tweet is harmless, as it remains on her timeline several hours on. But her follow-up did suggest she might be more careful who gets their tiny hands on her phone in future...	When President Donald Trump coined the word "covfefe" in a misspelled tweet, he unleashed a storm of mockery and memes online.
Interior designer Marte Deborah Dalelv, 24, was on a business trip in Dubai when she says she was raped in March. She reported the attack to the police, but was charged with perjury, having extramarital sex and drinking alcohol, receiving a 16-month prison sentence. The case has angered rights groups and the Norwegian authorities. By Simon AtkinsonBBC News, Dubai The fact Ms Dalelv's pardon came within days of an international outcry - and was reportedly ordered personally by Dubai's ruler - is a recognition of how badly this case has reflected on the Gulf state. This is an emirate that doesn't have much oil - instead, tourism is at the centre of its economy. It clocked up 10 million visitors last year and wants to double that by 2020. And while it sticks by the strict Islamic laws that govern the UAE, Dubai knows that these negative headlines do it no favours. It will be hoping this swift action will limit the damage to its reputation. But the pardoning of Ms Dalelv's alleged rapist as part of the deal which allows her to return to Norway - is already causing a backlash on social media. Ms Dalelv has had her passport returned and was free to leave the country, a Norwegian official told the BBC. She was not being deported, and was expected to return to Norway in the next few days. The designer, who has been staying at the Norwegian Seamen's Centre in Dubai since she was sentenced last week, told the BBC she found out she was to be freed earlier on Monday during a meeting with public prosecutors. "We came in and we sat down and they told us 'You've been pardoned'. It's from the ruler of Dubai. It's from him personally so that's - it just feels unbelievable - it's a very, very good day." Her travel documents had now been returned to her and she was preparing to leave Dubai as soon as possible, Ms Dalelv said. In Norway, Foreign Minister Espen Barth Eide tweeted: "Marte is released! Thanks to everyone who signed up to help." The Norwegian government said it had been in daily contact with the Dubai authorities through diplomatic and official channels since Ms Dalelv was sentenced - arguing the jail term represented a human rights violation. Ms Dalelv went public about the sentence last week in a series of interviews. Ms Dalelv says she was on a night out with colleagues on 6 March when the rape took place. She reported it to the police, who proceeded to confiscate her passport and seize her money. She was charged four days later on three counts, including having sex outside marriage. Her alleged attacker, she said, received a 13-month sentence for extramarital sex and alcohol consumption. The man she accused of raping her - a colleague - has also been pardoned, a Norwegian official has said. Despite developing fast as a cosmopolitan tourism destination in recent years, Dubai remains deeply conservative, and its strict laws have caught out foreigners in the past. Public displays of affection and drunkenness are frowned upon.	A Norwegian woman at the centre of a Dubai rape case dispute has been pardoned and is free to leave Dubai, she has said.
