From 25 April, passengers may bring blades shorter than 2.36in (6cm) and narrower than 0.5in in plane cabins. Fixed blades, razors and box cutters will still be forbidden, the Transport Security Administration (TSA) said. The change has been criticised by flight attendants, who say it will put passengers and crew at risk. Also under the new policy, billiard cues, ski poles, and lacrosse and hockey sticks will be allowed in aeroplane cabins in carry-on luggage. The TSA said the new rules would bring the US into line with international guidelines and offer a better experience for passengers. "This is part of an overall risk-based security approach, which allows Transportation Security officers to better focus their efforts on finding higher-threat items such as explosives," a TSA spokesman told the Reuters news agency. But the Flight Attendants Union Coalition called the move "poor and short-sighted". "As the last line of defence in the cabin and key aviation partners, we believe that these proposed changes will further endanger the lives of all flight attendants and the passengers we work so hard to keep safe and secure," the group said in a statement.	The US transport safety authority has said it will allow some small pocket knives aboard US flights for the first time since the 9/11 attacks.
Campaign group Public Eye says retailers are exploiting weak regulatory standards. Vitol, Trafigura, Addax & Oryx and Lynx Energy have been named because they are shareholders of the fuel retailers. Trafigura and Vitol say the report is misconceived and retailers work within legal limits enforced in the countries. Three of the distribution companies mentioned in the report have responded by saying that they meet the regulatory requirements of the market and have no vested interest in keeping sulphur levels higher than they need to be. Although this is within the limits set by national governments, the sulphur contained in the fumes from the diesel fuel could increase respiratory illnesses like asthma and bronchitis in affected countries, health experts say. The picture is changing but there are still several African countries which allow diesel to have a sulphur content of more than 2,000 parts per million (ppm), with some allowing more than 5,000ppm, whereas the European standard is less than 10ppm. Rob de Jong from the UN Environment Programme (Unep) told the BBC that there was a lack of awareness among some policy makers about the significance of the sulphur content. For a long time countries relied on colonial-era standards, which have only been revised in recent years. Another issue is that in the countries where there are refineries, these are unable, for technical reasons, to reduce the sulphur levels to the standard acceptable in Europe. This means that the regulatory standard is kept at the level that the refineries can operate at. Some governments are also worried that cleaner diesel would be more expensive, therefore pushing up the price of transport. But Mr De Jong argued that the difference was minimal and oil price fluctuations were much more significant in determining the diesel price. The sulphur particles emitted by a diesel engine are considered to be a major contributor to air pollution, which the World Health Organization (WHO) ranks as one of the top global health risks. It is associated with heart disease, lung cancer and respiratory problems. The WHO says that pollution is particularly bad in low and middle income countries. Reducing the sulphur content in diesel would go some way to reducing the risk that air pollution poses. Unep is at the forefront of trying to persuade governments to tighten up the sulphur content regulations and is gradually making progress. In 2015, the East African Community introduced new regulations for Kenya, Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi and Tanzania. Diesel cannot now have more than 50ppm in those countries. It is clear that the situation has improved since 2005. Unep's Jane Akumu is currently working with the West African regional grouping Ecowas and its Southern African counterpart Sadc to try and change the regulations there. She told the BBC that she was optimistic that governments would bring down the legal sulphur limits as the arguments in favour are compelling.	Swiss firms have been criticised in a report for their links to the African trade in diesel with toxin levels that are illegal in Europe.
38-year-old Bearman has made 100 Ospreys appearances and 77 for Newport Gwent Dragons while Edwards, 36, has made 90 appearances for the Scarlets. The Ironmen have been watching Bearman for the last year, hoping to sign him as a player and coach. Bearman told the BBC in January he knew he was last phase of his Ospreys career with his contract finishing this term. ''I'm kicking around for games now, for when there's injuries and things like that," Bearman said. "Am I happy doing that? Not really because I always want to play but sometimes you've got to bow out."	Merthyr RFC have made offers to Ospreys back-row Joe Bearman and Scarlets prop Pete Edwards for the 2017-18 season.
For more than a decade, the Berkshire-based company has used the address to direct shoppers to a Star Wars section of its Jokers' Masquerade store. But in July, Nominet, which oversees .uk domains, backed Disney's ownership claim. The last time anyone successfully appealed against a Nominet ruling was in 2013. The costume store's parent company, Abscissa, was also told to give up a further six domain names used for the same purpose: Chief executive Mark Lewis said Abscissa had used two of the addresses for more than 12 years without being challenged. "I can't believe that over the last two decades that someone from either Lucasfilm or Disney did not do a WhoIs [search] and find that that starwars.co.uk and star-wars.co.uk were not registered to them," he told the BBC. "There has to be a point in time, surely, where a registrant has to be able to hold some title." He added that Lucasfilm had owned star-wars.co.uk for a time prior to 2003, but had chosen not to renew it. "We cannot find any case where a complainant lets a domain lapse, then files a complaint," he said. "I believe this case sets a precedent." Nominet requires a complainant to prove that a domain name registration is "abusive" for it to agree to transfer ownership. Its initial ruling supported Disney's claim on the basis that consumers visiting the sites would have "falsely inferred a commercial connection" between the fancy dress store and the film franchise. But Mr Lewis disputes this conclusion. "We haven't abused them," he said. "We haven't rented them, we haven't offered them for sale - the internet domains point to legitimate Star Wars-branded costumes that we've been selling for the past 13 years." He added that he did not believe the two sides would be engaged in the legal battle at all had Nominet not introduced shorter "name.uk" domains last year. Disney bought Lucasfilm - the production company behind Star Wars - in 2012 for $4.1bn (Â£2.6bn). It plans to release a new film - The Force Awakens - in December. A spokesman for the entertainment giant could not be reached for comment. Nominet's initial rulings are determined by single expert, but appeals go to a three-person panel. Since 2001, just 48 cases - representing 1.8% of the body's rulings - have led to an appeal. Of those appeals, 20 resulted in the original decision being overturned. A spokesman for Nominet said it was unable to comment on the Star Wars case while it remained active.	A fancy-dress retailer is appealing against a ruling it must surrender its starwars.co.uk web address to Disney.
The two girls, aged 12 and 14, are said to have hounded Rebecca Sedwick online for a year. A lawyer for the 12-year-old has demanded an apology from Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd for the arrest. But Sheriff Judd said he did not have any regrets and that the girls will now receive "the services they need". "Our goal is that these kids never bully anyone again, never torment anyone again," he said. The girls were arrested a month after Rebecca, 12, jumped to her death from a tower at an abandoned concrete plant on 9 September. Officials said the bullying had begun last year after the 14-year-old girl objected to Rebecca dating a boy whom she had been seeing. The girls bullied Rebecca through online message boards and mobile text messages, authorities told the news media. On Wednesday Jose Baez, a lawyer for the 12-year-old, said he had found "zero evidence having to do with my client that would rise to the level of a criminal act". He said his client was a "troubled young girl" who had been bullied herself. Mr Baez said he has not ruled out a lawsuit on the girl's behalf against the Polk County sheriff's office, for what he called a "reckless" move to arrest her and the 14-year-old, name her and show her police-booking photo at a press conference. A lawyer for the 14-year-old confirmed to the Associated Press news agency that charges against her had been dropped as well. That girl's stepmother, Vivian Vosburg, was arrested last month on child abuse charges in connection with a video posted to Facebook allegedly showed her punching two boys.	Stalking charges have been dropped against two teenage girls in connection with the alleged bullying of another Florida girl who took her own life.
The club will have to pay around Â£2 million a year in rent and have also agreed to increase their own funding of the project to Â£15 million. The Hammers can't move in straight away because the stadium needs some work done to it - including the installation of a football pitch and special seating. Fans will be able to cheer on their team in the stadium from August 2016.	West Ham have agreed a deal to move into London's Olympic Stadium.
The ringed female KL and an unringed male returned to Bassenthwaite at Easter and produced a trio of eggs in six days, the Lake District Osprey Project said. Jon Carter from the project said staff were "delighted" the pair had bred again at the site. Nearly 30 chicks have been raised at the nest since 2001. Ospreys returned to the area after an absence of more than 150 years. More than 1.5m people have visited viewpoints to see the birds of prey hunting over the lake.	A pair of ospreys which have returned to a nest in Cumbria for the fourth year running have produced three eggs.
The National Association of Head Teachers claims education is being seen as a cost rather than an investment. Ahead of next week's Spending Review, the NAHT is calling for a fair national funding formula for education. The Department for Education says it is "protecting the schools budget, which will rise as pupil numbers increase". In his letter to Ms Morgan, NAHT general secretary Russell Hobby asks the government to match the overall level of funding to the "real cost pressures in schools". He writes: "As you will know, we have recently launched our Breaking Point report looking at funding. "It found that nearly two-thirds of school leaders are making 'significant' cuts or are dipping into reserves to stave off deficits, with four in five reporting that budget cuts would have a negative impact on standards. "Flat cash education spending at a time of rising costs - employer costs for National Insurance, an increase in teachers' pensions to name just two - shows that the money coming into schools is not keeping up with the costs they face." The letter also calls for: Mr Hobby adds: "For too long, education has been seen as a cost - in fact, education is an investment, in both children and society as a whole. "We would urge you, in conversations with Chancellor George Osborne, to call for progressive funding arrangements for education. It's time that funding reflects the true realities on the ground." Last month, the Institute for Fiscal Studies said spending per pupil in England's schools was likely to fall by 8% in real terms over the next five years. The IFS says this will be the first time since the mid-1990s that school spending has fallen in real terms. A spokesman for the Department for Education said: "We are protecting the schools budget, which will rise as pupil numbers increase. "This government is committed to making sure schools are funded fairly so all pupils have access to a good education - a key part of our core mission to raise standards across the country and make sure every child reaches their full potential. "We have made significant progress towards fairer funding for schools, through an additional Â£390m allocated to 69 of the least fairly funded areas in the country - the biggest step toward fairer schools funding in 10 years."	Head teachers have written to Education Secretary Nicky Morgan expressing their concern over future funding for schools in England.
Healthcare Improvement Scotland (HIS) began inspecting hospitals in 2012. It was part of a new programme of inspections designed to encourage improvement and share good practice. But the Royal College of Nursing (RCN) said its review of 35 inspections suggested there had been a failure to improve the quality of elderly care. In response, HIS said its own review of the care of older people in acute hospitals, which was produced last November, found that "we are seeing improvements being made across Scotland". Its chief executive, Angiolina Foster, said: "The report identified a number of areas of good practice including an increased awareness by staff of the issues facing older people in NHS Scotland hospitals and patients being consistently treated with dignity and respect. "However, we also identified areas for improvement including the flow of patients in acute hospitals and the practice of boarding - when patients are moved from one ward to another to meet the needs of the service and not because of the patient's clinical needs." However, the RCN said it did not believe there was any evidence of change. Its report stated: "It is clear from the inspection reports that fundamental standards of care are not being met for older people in many hospitals." It said that inspectors had "often found examples of warm, caring and meaningful interactions between staff and patients" in hospitals across the country. But its analysis showed that 31 out of 35 inspections found hospitals did not appropriately screen and assess older people for cognitive impairment while 27 hospitals needed to improve nutritional screening of older people. Meanwhile, 19 out of 35 inspections identified improvements were needed in the assessment of pressure ulcers and 18 out of 35 found hospitals could do better in the way they implemented adults with incapacity legislation. The report said that inspections "frequently identified issues around patient flow", including delayed discharge and boarding - where shortages of beds can mean a patient is cared for in a ward that is not best-suited to their needs. RCN Scotland director Theresa Fyffe said: "Our analysis also showed that NHS boards do not seem to be learning lessons from each other or even between hospitals within the same board. "A poor inspection report in one hospital may be followed a few months later by a poor inspection report in another hospital in the same board area, with the same issues revealed.  This is clearly not good for our older people." The RCN report, called Frontline First, found that while the majority of patients say they are happy with the quality of care, inspectors identified serious failings. Almost all inspections found that hospitals did not appropriately screen and assess older people to identify serious conditions such as dementia, and most had poor care plans and nutrition programmes. The inspection regime's lack of effectiveness is illustrated by a series of inspections within an area managed by NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde. In May 2012, an inspection of Glasgow Royal Infirmary identified 17 areas where care needed to be improved.  More than a year later, an inspection of Gartnavel hospital in October 2013 found 15 similar areas for improvement. Four months later, in February 2014, the Southern General was told it needed to improve care in 16 areas. Two months after that, standards within the board appeared to be worse than ever. In April, the Victoria Infirmary was given a list of 19 areas for improvement. Rosslyn Crocket, NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde's director of nursing, said: "I recognise that in some areas the improvement methods we were putting in place were not consistently delivering the results we expect for our patients. "That's why we have introduced a new initiative that will delegate more responsibility and control to the most senior nurses on the wards in order to spread learning in a more sustainable and consistent way." The RCN is calling for long-term funding for national improvement programmes.  It has also called on the Scottish government to support health boards to increase capacity and drive improvements. Responding to the RCN report, Scottish Health Secretary Shona Robison said: "We're committed to driving up standards in the care of older people in hospitals, which is exactly why this government introduced these inspections. "These inspections are already reviewed regularly by Healthcare Improvement Scotland, whose most recent review already identified the points raised by the RCN and action is under way to address them. "Through the inspection process HIS also found that 'on average, 99% of patients said the quality of care they received was good.' "We've also provided an extra Â£2.5m to HIS to continue their improvement work across the NHS, which will also impact positively on improvements to the care older people receive." Ms Robison said she had asked the chairs of NHS boards to "proactively look at their individual services, including for older people, and report back to the Chief Nursing Officer who is overseeing this work". But Scottish Labour health spokeswoman Jenny Marra said: "The SNP government can't wait until this amber warning turns to red to act. We have known for many years that our population is ageing and this is more challenging to our NHS." And the Liberal Democrat health spokesman Jim Hume claimed the report showed that "the complacency of SNP ministers on the future of Scotland's NHS is setting Scotland's hospitals up to fail older patients".	An analysis of inspections of hospitals which are caring for the elderly has suggested the current inspection regime has not driven up standards.
It is an image that has left little room for Mr Putin the family man. In fact, reporting on his family has been virtually taboo in Russia. But that silence is now being broken, as media publish unauthorised material about Mr Putin's daughters and his ex-wife, Lyudmila. Some of the reports have added to accusations of cronyism against Mr Putin. They have also led to speculation that the president may be losing his powers of image-control. As the anti-Kremlin magazine The New Times noted, "sources have started to talk". In 2012, to mark his 60th birthday, Mr Putin allowed state-controlled NTV into his inner sanctum. It showed him working late, alone in his office, then eating a healthy breakfast and exercising in his private gym. But there was no sign of his family. In fact, his only personal companion seemed to be his black Labrador dog. In the years before her divorce from Mr Putin in 2014, his then wife Lyudmila disappeared from public view almost completely. Mr Putin's daughters have also been shrouded in secrecy. But now more details of their professional and private lives appear at last to be coming into the public domain. On 1 February, The New Times published evidence suggesting it had tracked down Mr Putin's elder daughter, Maria, to an elite apartment block in Moscow. It said she lived there under an assumed name. The evidence also suggested she held an academic post at a state endocrinology centre, it said. The report repeated earlier rumours that she was married to a Dutchman and it also said that she appeared to have given birth to a daughter. Based on observations from social media, The New Times suggested that Maria led a cosmopolitan lifestyle, enjoyed foreign travel (including on luxury yachts) and had a wide range of European friends. Around a year ago, Mr Putin's younger daughter, Yekaterina, was outed in the Russian media as Katerina Tikhonova, the head of Innopraktika, a project at Moscow State University that supports young scientists, and which is said to enjoy the support of officials close to Mr Putin. In December, Reuters news agency reported that Ms Tikhonova had married Kirill Shamalov, the son of one of Mr Putin's associates from St Petersburg. Reuters said that following their marriage, Mr Shamalov had greatly increased his wealth, including through the acquisition of shares in a petrochemicals company part-owned by another Putin associate. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov denied there was anything improper in Mr Shamalov's business dealings. He also repeated his usual response to reports about Mr Putin's family: "We do not give comments on the private lives of Putin's close relatives." Official displeasure at reports about Mr Putin's family may also take other forms. Last month, a current affairs programme on NTV, shown originally in the Russian Far East, repeated well-documented reports that Mr Putin's ex-wife had remarried. But by the time the programme was shown in the Siberian and Moscow time zones the bit about the former Mrs Putin had disappeared. The New Times, meanwhile, has received a warning from the state media regulator. The warning was about a reference to a Ukrainian nationalist group banned in Russia - but it arrived on the day the article about Mr Putin's daughter appeared. According to editor Yevgenia Albats, on the same day the magazine was also the target of a powerful cyber attack. Sensitivity about coverage of Mr Putin's private life was also evident in the strong state media reaction to a recent BBC Panorama film that highlighted allegations of corruption against him. Mr Putin and his circle have come under particularly intense international scrutiny since Russia's intervention in Ukraine in 2014. A number of his closest associates have been targeted by Western sanctions, but Mr Putin himself has not been blacklisted. BBC Monitoring reports and analyses news from TV, radio, web and print media around the world. You can follow BBC Monitoring  on Twitter and Facebook.	Russian President Vladimir Putin likes to cultivate the image of a tough national leader and macho man.
The 26-year-old centre is joined by Wales wing Jasmine Joyce, who is the only female non-English player. Glasgow Warriors centre Mark Bennett, who has 16 caps for Scotland, is one of four players from the 15-a-side game included in the men's squad. The others are Scarlets' James Davies, Harlequins' Ollie Lindsay-Hague and Newcastle's Marcus Watson. All four have previous sevens experience. Davies is one of two Welshmen included, alongside Wales Sevens player Sam Cross, while Scotland Sevens regular Mark Robertson also makes the cut, with the rest of the squad coming from the England Sevens set-up, and Tom Mitchell as captain. Britain's men will face New Zealand, Kenya and Japan at Rio, while the women play Brazil, Canada and Japan. The confirmation of Team GB's rugby sevens players brings to an end all squad announcements before the games, which begin on 5 August. Team GB chef de mission Mark England believes this is their "most talented team ever". Rio marks the first time rugby sevens has appeared at the Olympics, although the 15-a-side game featured at the 1924 Games. Team GB's women - under the guidance of Simon Middleton - have trained together since October, while the men's group coaches by Simon Amor assembled as late as May. Great Britain sevens men: Mark Bennett (Glasgow Warriors, hometown - Glasgow), Dan Bibby (England Sevens, Putney), Phil Burgess (England Sevens, Farnborough), Sam Cross (Wales Sevens, Newport), Alex Davis (England Sevens, Bristol), James Davies, (Carmarthen), Ollie Lindsay Hague (Harlequins, London), Tom Mitchell (England Sevens, Wandsworth), Dan Norton (England Sevens, Bristol), James Rodwell (England Sevens, Cotteridge), Mark Robertson (Scotland Sevens, Galashiels), Marcus Watson (England Sevens, Weybridge). Travelling reserves: Luke Treharne (Wales Sevens), Ruaridh McConnochie (England Sevens). Great Britain sevens women: Claire Allan (England Sevens, Ealing), Abbie Brown (England Sevens, Exeter), Heather Fisher (England Sevens, Birmingham), Natasha Hunt (England Sevens, Gloucester), Jasmine Joyce (Wales Sevens, Haverfordwest), Katy McLean (England Sevens, South Shields), Alice Richardson (England Sevens, Worcester), Emily Scarratt (England Sevens, Leicester), Emily Scott (England Sevens, Corringham), Danielle Waterman (England Sevens, Bristol), Joanne Watmore, (England Sevens, Chester), Amy Wilson-Hardy (England Sevens, Poole). Travelling reserves: Megan Jones (England Sevens) and Kay Wilson (England Sevens).	England World Cup winner Emily Scarratt will captain Team GB's 12-strong women's Olympic rugby sevens squad.
Reynaldo Parojinog, mayor of the city of Ozamiz on Mindanao island, was killed with his wife and 10 others at his home as police served a warrant. Officers were fired on by the mayor's security guards, officials said. More than 7,000 people are said to have been killed since Mr Duterte launched a war on the drugs trade in July 2016. Police were serving an arrest warrant when they were "met with a volley of fire" by Mr Parojinog's security guards, officials said. "The Parojinogs, if you would recall, are included in President Duterte's list of people involved in the illegal drug trade," Mr Duterte's spokesman, Ernesto Abella, said in a statement. A spokesman for the Parojinogs denied that there had been any exchange of fire and said the mayor's camp did not fire a shot. Mr Parojinog's brother was also killed in the dawn raid in Ozamiz. His daughter, the city's vice-mayor, was arrested and faces charges relating to drugs offences, police said. Officers recovered rifles, cash and illegal drugs at the address, according to provincial police chief Jaysen De Guzman. Mr Parojinog is the third Philippine mayor to be killed in the government's bloody narcotics crackdown, in which Mr Duterte has singled out local officials, policemen and judges. The move has made him popular with many Filipinos but has been condemned by human rights groups and other critics. Mr Duterte took office just over a year ago following an election campaign in which he promised to kill tens of thousands in order to put an end to the illegal drugs trade. Earlier this month, legislators in the Philippines voted overwhelmingly to extend martial law in Mindanao to help deal with violence on the island linked to an Islamist insurgency. Mr Duterte said the extension was necessary to crush the insurgency, but his critics have said that it is part of a wider power grab.	A Philippine mayor accused by President Rodrigo Duterte of having links with the illegal drugs trade has been shot dead in a police raid.
Brian Tozer, 46, was struck by a vehicle in Andover in the early hours of Sunday and was found lying in the road by a passing motorist. He was taken to Southampton General Hospital but died of his injuries. A 28-year-old man has been arrested. Mr Tozer's family said they were "deeply saddened" by his "tragic and sudden death". A statement said: "Brian was a wonderful, son, brother and uncle and will be greatly missed by us all including his extended family, friends and work colleagues." A man from Andover was arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving and has been bailed until 28 June. The crash happened near the Folly Roundabout, Redon Way, at about 00:45 GMT.	The family of a cyclist who was critically injured in a crash in Hampshire have paid tribute to him.
The announcement came after two weeks of hectic diplomatic activities between the nuclear-armed neighbours. The efforts resulted in Wednesday's announcement in Islamabad that the two countries would talk on all outstanding issues, including terrorism and the thorny issue of Kashmir. The first sign of a thaw came when Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi held a brief meeting with his Pakistani counterpart Nawaz Sharif at a climate change conference in Paris on 1 December. The leaders smiled and posed for cameras in Paris. But there was more to their meeting, senior diplomats from the two countries had been holding back channel discussions. All this culminated into a meeting of the National Security Advisers (NSA) of the two countries in Bangkok on Sunday. A statement issued after the meeting said they had talked about terrorism, Kashmir, peace and security. This paved the way for Indian Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj's visit to Pakistan on Wednesday to attend a security conference on Afghanistan. Ms Swaraj said in Islamabad that the foreign secretaries of both countries would meet soon to set an agenda for meetings on "peace and security". Delhi and Islamabad gave up their tough positions on two key issues to achieve this result. India agreed to keep Kashmir on the agenda and Pakistan promised to speed up the trial of those India blames for the 2008 Mumbai attacks. The release of Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi, whom India accuses of masterminding the 2008 Mumbai attacks, from a Pakistani jail in April this year has upset Indians. The South Asian rivals have fought two wars and a limited conflict over Kashmir, which is claimed by both countries in its entirety. The neighbours needed a breakthrough to come out of the diplomatic cul-de-sac and plan two high-level visits of Indian leaders to Pakistan. And they found this in Bangkok, away from the gaze of the nationalistic media outlets of the two countries. Ms Swaraj needed a ready platform to announce the resumption of peace talks in Islamabad and the successful negotiations in Bangkok gave her that. This breakthrough will also give enough time to the two sides to prepare for Mr Modi's visit to Pakistan. He has accepted Mr Sharif's invitation to attend a regional summit of South Asian leaders in Islamabad next year. Some analysts said that the appointment of Lt-Gen Naseer Khan Janjua as Pakistan's NSA also motivated India to go ahead with peace talks. Lt-Gen Janjua is from the powerful army of Pakistan and can influence decision-making in Islamabad. The two countries have also agreed to work together on counter-terrorism in the region. The looming presence of Islamic State jihadi group has been a source of concern for both India and Pakistan. The recent announcement has come after what many describe as a series of "diplomatic blunders" in the past year. Mr Sharif had attended Mr Modi's inauguration in May last year, raising hopes of a revival of the stalled peace talks. But in the next one year, the two sides struggled to arrange any meaningful dialogue. They blamed each other for cross-border firing in Kashmir. The initial optimism slowly fizzled out. However, a breakthrough came when the two prime ministers met in the Russian city of Ufa in July on the sidelines of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation summit. Their joint statement said that all "issues of bilateral and regional interests" would be discussed between their NSAs. But the meeting was cancelled in August after India refused to keep Kashmir on the agenda. Despite the breakthrough, not many expect any resolution of outstanding issues like Kashmir, water-sharing and boundary disputes. The success of the talks can be largely measured by the situation on the de facto border that divides Kashmir between the two countries. But there are expectations that bilateral trade, tourism and cultural exchanges are likely to increase. The governments on both sides will be mindful of the presence of the hardliners. The BBC's M Ilyas Khan in Islamabad says some ultra-nationalists in Pakistan are continuing to harp on the line that "there can't be any peace" until the Kashmir issue is resolved. This lobby is traditionally critical of any likely Pakistani intention to enhance trading ties with India or allow its traders overland access to Afghanistan. At the same time, ironically, they criticise Afghanistan for denying a similar transit of gas and electricity lines from Central Asia to Pakistan, our correspondent adds.	India and Pakistan have agreed to resume high-level peace talks after a stalemate of three years.
The force said 300 officers carried out 14 simultaneous warrants in Newport at 05:00 GMT on Tuesday, after three hours of briefings. Four people have been charged with the supply of class A drugs, with 25 arrested in total. It followed information from the community about the supply of drugs. Ch Insp Matthew Williams said the force had noticed a rise in Newport the last year or so. Marc Budden, of Gwent Police, said: "This is the largest scale drugs operation we've seen in Gwent. "[The operation] involved specialist method of entry officers utilising chainsaws and drills to ensure rapid entry."	Gwent Police has undertaken one of the biggest drugs operations in its history.
Prof Derec Llwyd Morgan, who ran the university from 1994 to 2004, told the BBC the figures showed it was a bad decision to go to a far-flung country. "The venture is madness," he said. The university said it was "a level of recruitment that compares more than favourably to the early phases of other international branch campuses". Prof Morgan said: "They would be better concentrating their resources on high-quality staffing and attracting more domestic students." The two other British universities to open in Mauritius - Wolverhampton and Middlesex - both had about 90 enrolments in their first year on the island, according to figures gathered by the country's higher education regulator. The University of Central Lancashire also offers courses in Mauritius. Earlier this year, Wolverhampton announced it was closing its campus, four years after it opened. Aberystwyth's campus opened in autumn 2015 in a partnership with a company based on the island, Boston Campus Limited. It is open to people from Mauritius, as well as international and UK students, and offers courses including criminal law, business finance and computer science. It can take up to 2,000 students and the income from fees is split between the university and Boston Campus, which was responsible for building it. The university had spent about £600,000 on the venture by the end of April, mostly on staffing costs. Previously, the institution refused to reveal the number until a Freedom of Information request by BBC Wales' Cymru Fyw, showed 40 students had enrolled between September 2015 and 1 May. John Grattan - who has responsibility for the campus - is working alongside outgoing university vice-chancellor April McMahon while her long-term replacement is sought. Prof Morgan said: "They should never have opened this campus without ensuring there were enough students in Aberystwyth itself." A university spokesman said the number of students at such an early stage in the development was "a positive and very successful start". He added: "We do, however, hope to build on this significantly in the coming years. "Establishing an overseas campus is becoming increasingly common for UK universities and we believe Aberystwyth University can play a key role in providing new opportunities for students to have access to quality education, students who otherwise could not access these types of courses due to travel or financial issues." Aberystwyth Location: Ceredigion, on the west coast of Wales Named after: Aberystwyth means "Mouth of Ystwyth" - the river which skirts the town Population: 13,000 Climate: Oceanic, similar to almost all of the UK Average summer temp: 10-18C (50-64F) Average winter temp: 4-8.5C (39-47F) Average sea temperature: 8.3-15.8C (47-60F) Notable landscape: Aberystwyth seafront, pier and promenade, the harbour mouth and beaches Mauritius Location: Indian Ocean, about 500 miles (800km) east of Madagascar Named after: Dutch prince Maurice Van Nassau Capital: Port Louis Population: 1.2 million, including Rodrigues and outer islands Climate: Tropical oceanic, with high temperatures and humidity throughout the year Average summer temp: 23-33C (73-91F) Average winter temp: 17-23C (62-73F) Average sea temperature: 22-27C (71-80F) Notable landscape: White beaches, coral reef, dramatic cliffs and volcanic hills	Aberystwyth University's Mauritius campus has been criticised by a former vice-chancellor after just 40 students enrolled in its first two terms.
