The Alliance Party motion was passed by 38 votes in favour to 13 against. Unlike in the rest of the UK, Stormont parties are not required to reveal where their funding comes from, due to concerns about the security of donors. Alliance wants NI to be brought in line with Great Britain where names of those who donate over £7,500 are published. The motion was proposed by Alliance councillor Kate Nicholl at meeting of the council on Tuesday evening. It was supported by councillors from Sinn Féin, the SDLP, Green Party, the Progressive Unionist Party (PUP) and the Traditional Unionist Voice (TUV). It was opposed by members of Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP). "Increasing openness and transparency in politics can only be a good thing, particularly in the current climate," Ms Nicholl said. "It was disappointing to see the DUP and UUP voting against this evening's motion, which sought to make politics more publicly accountable, and they will have to answer to the public as to why they did just that. "However, it is vital all parties now follow through with the pledge of this motion. Although Belfast City Council has no statutory powers to compel parties to reveal their donors, all local parties should follow Alliance's example and provide the public with information to help restore confidence in politics across the board." When she was an MP, Alliance leader Naomi Long secured legislative change that paved the way for the possible future identification of donors who contributed more than £7,500 since January 2014. However, the names can only be published if Northern Ireland's secretary of state agrees to lift an exemption. Speaking to the BBC's Evening Extra programme ahead of the vote, Mrs Long said there was no problem with political parties accepting donations, but that the Northern Ireland public should be given the same transparency as those in the rest of the UK. She said it was time for parties to "open their books to the public". "Historically Northern Irish political parties have been exempt from the rule due to security reasons," she said. "Up until this point, a number of parties have argued that historical security concerns still stand, but in its manifesto for 2016, the DUP said it supported a lifting of the exemption." The Alliance Party currently voluntarily publishes large donations.	Belfast City councillors have voted in support of a call to reveal the names of those who make large donations to Northern Ireland politicians.
West Oxfordshire District Council said an online advert on Gumtree promoting the sale of land at Turley Lane in Hailey, Oxfordshire, was not "viable". It added that permission to develop the land would be highly unlikely. Warwick Robinson, cabinet member for planning, said steps were taken in 2005 to protect the land from development. Gumtree is an online site for classified advertisements.	People in Oxfordshire are being warned of a "scam" which claims developers are entitled to purchase an area of greenbelt land for investment.
The 47-year-old, who is currently the Bishop of Tewkesbury, will take over from the recently-retired Tim Stevens. Bishop Snow, who will undertake the role from Spring 2016, said the job was "a little daunting... but exciting". The Dean of Leicester, the Very Reverend David Monteith, said he was "ideally placed" to serve the diocese with "wisdom, imagination and love". Bishop Snow is married with three children and is the youngest serving bishop in the Church of England. He has been the Bishop of Tewkesbury since 2013 and his ministry has taken him to Sheffield and West Africa. Bishop Snow said he hoped his experience "will be very useful as I come to this very diverse place". "For us to model, at a local level, how different faith communities can live well together and work in partnership for the common good, that has to be a priority for me. "I look forward to meeting other faith leaders in the coming weeks." "I'm very aware It'll take me a while to build relationships and trust," he added. In July, Tim Stevens, sometimes criticised for being "too political", held his last service ahead of retirement after 16 years as Bishop of Leicester. During his career, he was widely commended for his work on inter-faith relations. He also led the re-interment service for Richard III earlier this year.	The Right Reverend Martyn Snow has been named the new Bishop of Leicester.
The 14-year-old from Northampton beat her old S6 50m butterfly mark of 37.53 seconds with 36.70 in the heats and then 36.34 in the final. "It hasn't sunk in yet that I'm in line for Rio," she told BBC Sport. "Those times have given me a huge amount of confidence." Robinson, who has a form of dwarfism, which left her on crutches aged 11, was inspired by watching her now-Great Britain team-mate Ellie Simmonds, among others, at London 2012. "Ellie was my main influence at 2012 and I love what she did," she added. "I thought then that I really wanted to do this." Robinson now has Ukrainian Oksana Khrul's world record of 36.05 in her sights when she makes her GB debut in next week's IPC Swimming European Open Championships in Madeira, Portugal. There was disappointment, however, for world bronze medallist Alice Tai in the S10 100m butterfly after she failed to make the required standard. Tai, who has moved back to Bournemouth after being based for a time at the National Performance Centre in Manchester, needed a time of one minute 8.36 seconds. But the 17-year-old could only manage 1:10.69 to leave her hopes of a Rio berth in the hands of the selectors. So far, 17 swimmers have achieved Olympic qualification times, with two days of the competition remaining.	Teenager Ellie Robinson became the latest swimmer to achieve the Rio qualification standard with a new British record at the Para-swimming trials.
The hosts led 12-9 in a tourniquet-tight match with four penalties - three from Finn Russell, one from Stuart Hogg - to three from Tyler Bleyendaal. But Hogg's yellow card, for a high tackle in stopping Andrew Conway from scoring, saw Munster capitalise. Francis Saili powered over in the corner to book a last-eight spot. The Irish province are now guaranteed to top Pool One, sealing their quarter-final place in Europe's elite tournament for the 16th time in 22 seasons. Glasgow, meanwhile, will need to win their final game at Leicester next Saturday to retain hope of qualifying as one of the three best runners-up. The Warriors needed to assert their physicality on Munster from the get-go - and they did, to a point. In the opening 15 minutes they had most of the possession and most of the territory, but only three points to show for it, from Russell's boot. Breaking down Munster's defence proved a monstrous job. This is a team that had conceded only three tries in their first four pool games in Europe - all of them long after they had taken an unbreakable hold on those games. Their line speed was rapid, their aggression huge. This was always going to be rugby's equivalent of a gunfight. Every time Glasgow scored, Munster responded quickly. When Russell gave Glasgow the lead, Bleyendaal responded. When Hogg walloped over one from the halfway line, Bleyendaal cancelled it out three minutes later. When Russell made it 9-6 early in the new half, Bleyendaal rubbed it soon after. It took Munster 25 minutes to release the dogs and when they did, Glasgow's defence proved every bit as demonic as their visitors. Phase upon phase brought Munster to Glasgow's 5m line. Tackle upon tackle meant they went no further. The beginning of the second half saw Glasgow finally get their dangerous runners on the ball. Hogg, Ali Price and Russell started to cut little holes in the Munster defence. Josh Strauss was getting on the ball and doing damage, Tim Swinson was carrying ball. Zander Fagerson, too. That Russell penalty was their reward for a 9-6 lead but such was the game, and the tiny margins, it didn't last. The fourth time they hit the front, another kick from Russell, they held it for longer, but not long enough. This was not rugby for those who want line breaks and tries. This was kitchen sink stuff. Bear-pit rugby. The most dramatic endgame started to unfold with 11 minutes left. Munster had dominance and field position. They attacked in vicious red waves, crashing in on Glasgow, who were outstanding in dealing with them. Munster went wide and found space at last. Conway got clipped high by Hogg, who got 10 minutes - and the rest of the match - in the bin. A colossal blow. Munster put the penalty to touch and when they came streaming across field, Simon Zebo linked with Keith Earls who found Saili on the wrap-around. The replacement went over in the corner to put Munster ahead for the first time. Glasgow came again, busting a gut, smashing forward in the hope of breaking this gobsmacking Munster defence. They could have tried a drop-goal - they had the opportunity - but didn't do it. They went for the try and ran into a red wall. Sensational rugby. Glory for Munster who progress to the last eight. Desolation for Glasgow, who now have to win at Welford Road to stand a chance of making it through for the first time. Glasgow Warriors: Stuart Hogg, Tommy Seymour, Mark Bennett, Alex Dunbar, Lee Jones, Finn Russell, Ali Price; Gordon Reid, Fraser Brown, Zander Fagerson, Tim Swinson, Jonny Gray (capt), Rob Harley, Ryan Wilson, Josh Strauss. Replacements: Pat MacArthur, Alex Allan (for Reid, 78), D'arcy Rae (for Z Fagerson, 78) Matt Fagerson, Chris Fusaro (for Strauss, 68), Grayson Hart, Nick Grigg (for Bennett, 63), Peter Murchie. Yellow card: Hogg (71) Munster: Simon Zebo, Andrew Conway, Jaco Taute, Rory Scannell, Keith Earls, Tyler Bleyendaal, Conor Murray; Dave Kilcoyne, Niall Scannell, John Ryan, Jean Kleyn, Donnacha Ryan; Peter O'Mahony (capt), Jack O'Donoghue, CJ Stander. Replacements: Rhys Marshall, James Cronin (for Kilcoyne, 54) Thomas Du Toit (for Ryan, 60), Dave Foley (for O'Mahony), 74), Billy Holland (for Kleyn, 54), Duncan Williams (for Murray, 65-71), Ian Keatley, Francis Saili (for Taute, 57).	Glasgow's hopes of reaching the European Champions Cup quarter-finals suffered a major blow as pool leaders Munster prevailed in a bruising game.
The club will have to pay around Â£2 million a year in rent and have also agreed to increase their own funding of the project to Â£15 million. The Hammers can't move in straight away because the stadium needs some work done to it - including the installation of a football pitch and special seating. Fans will be able to cheer on their team in the stadium from August 2016.	West Ham have agreed a deal to move into London's Olympic Stadium.
Momos, steamed meat or vegetable dumplings, are often associated with Tibetan and Nepali cuisine. Ramesh Arora, from Indian-administered Kashmir, wants them banned for causing "life-threatening diseases". He says they contain the food additive MSG which many Indians believe to be harmful. However, some global studies have shown that monosodium glutamate is not as unhealthy as it is made out to be. Reaction to Mr Arora's campaign has ranged from amusement to outrage. Mr Arora has reportedly been campaigning against momos very seriously. The Hindustan Times newspaper reported that he has been speaking about the supposed bad effects of momos for at least five months. But it's not just momos that have him worried. Mr Arora says Chinese street food - also popular with Indians - is also full of MSG and can cause illnesses like stomach cancer, migraines and obesity. Many Indians are aware that these foods contain MSG flavouring, but this has clearly not deterred them from eating them. The Food and Drug Association (FDA) in the US says the addition of MSG to foods is GRAS, or Generally Recognised As Safe. Mr Arora has also met the state health minister, Bali Bhagat, in an effort to convince him to ban the offending foods. But for thousands of hungry Indians, there seems to be no move to take them off the streets just yet.	A legislator from India's ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has declared war on a popular street snack, to general public bewilderment.
Fifty-three passengers and two crew members were killed when a blaze broke out in the engine of a British Airtours jet bound for Corfu, on 22 August 1985. The pilot abandoned take-off, but passengers were left trapped as flames engulfed the rear of the plane. Neither the airport nor the airline has apologised, but both expressed their sympathies. John Beardmore from Congleton, Cheshire, survived the fire, along with his wife and two sons. He said: "That plane wasn't fit for purpose. The engine had a history of problems. [The airline] shouldn't have crammed so many people into their [Boeing] 737 charter jets. "Manchester Airport should've organised themselves so much better. "We just had to sit in a coach on the runway for half an hour, while they were looking for other survivors. On the day it was a shambles. "Neither company has ever apologised to us in that time. We think the time is right, where they could say sorry to us." June Somekh, from Gatley in Stockport, lost her sister Vera, her brother-in-law Raymond and her niece Susan. She said: "There were so many things that went wrong. I know that an apology isn't going to bring anyone back - but it will at least recognise that there was some wrongdoing. "There was a lot of carelessness. It's bad and I still feel angry." An investigation found the disaster was caused by a series of failures. Most of the victims died from the effects of smoke inhalation, as the desperate passengers tried to escape the aircraft. Many were impeded by the layout of the seats, and the narrow width of the exits. Survivors and the relatives of those who died eventually successfully sued US aircraft engine manufacturer Pratt & Whitney. The disaster led to a host of changes in air safety procedures. Ken O'Toole, managing director at Manchester Airport, said: "Our thoughts, sympathy and sorrow are still very much with those who lost their lives, were injured, their relatives, and the many brave individuals involved in the rescue operation. "The stories of heroism and stoicism that have emerged from the horror of that day humble us all, and are never far from the airport's thoughts." British Airtours was the charter division of British Airways at the time of the disaster. A spokesman for BA said: "At the time of the accident the aircraft held a valid certificate of airworthiness and had been maintained in accordance with both regulatory and manufacturer requirements. "The seating configuration met all of the certification requirements at the time." He added the company's thoughts were with the families and friends of those who died. He said: "We understand their continuing sense of loss, and also the difficulties faced by those who survived the incident and have had to live with the memories."	Survivors of the Manchester air disaster have called for an apology ahead of the 30th anniversary.
On Wednesday, the council agreed to a two-month delay to the decision after Cuadrilla submitted additional information. In June, when the company put in the original application for the two sites between Blackpool and Preston, oil was above $110 a barrel and it has been falling ever since. It's important to stress that Cuadrilla is looking for shale gas, not oil, but the wholesale price of natural gas tends to follow the same trends as oil. John Hall from Alfa Energy Group says: "The shale gas market took off in the US on the back of rising oil prices" as the price rose from around $60 a barrel in 2007 and started heading towards $140. "My guess is that with the Brent price below $50 it will be difficult to justify short-term investment in shale, certainly in the UK," he says. The likes of Chevron, Shell and Exxon have been delaying expansion plans or shelving projects worldwide that no longer look profitable. So what is the break-even price for onshore shale gas in the UK? As with so many figures relating to the oil and gas industry, it is very hard to tell. Cuadrilla wants to conduct exploratory drilling because it does not know how much shale gas there is in the area or how easy it would be to extract. Greenpeace assembled some research and concluded that: "gas prices need to be higher than they are, or what the market says they will be, for the UK shale gas sector to even break even". But Cuadrilla is playing a longer game than that. First of all, even if it gets regulatory clearance in two months, it is unlikely to be commercially extracting any gas from the ground until the end of the decade, by which time prices could have changed considerably. Also, it is not just the suitability of the rocks for fracking that is being tested at the moment - it is the whole planning process. Prof Stuart Haszeldine from the University of Edinburgh says it is unlikely that the first projects in the UK would be profitable anyway, "because of the intense legislative burden, and because they are one-offs with large mobilisation costs to get the rig and crew on site". Potential frackers would hope that if these projects get the go-ahead, future projects would take less time to get approval, and equipment and experienced staff would become easier and cheaper to find. On top of that, Cuadrilla chief executive Francis Egan told the Telegraph recently that lower oil and gas prices are actually quite good news for him at the moment, because they reduce the price of services and raw materials. "Contractors earning 20% less in Aberdeen in January than December - that feeds straight through to the prices services companies offer us for drilling and fracturing," he said. A lower oil price makes it harder to get funding for exploration, but Mr Egan also pointed out that Cuadrilla's funding for the exploratory boreholes was already covered by a Â£160m deal with Centrica in 2013. So it seems that today's price is not entirely relevant to the sort of long-term project Cuadrilla is involved in, as long as it can maintain the funding to keep the planning and exploration going. The real concern for the companies would be if the delays to the process mean that the money runs out before the exploration is finished.	Has the decision by Lancashire County Council on whether to allow Cuadrilla Resources to conduct exploratory fracking been overtaken by events, given that oil has fallen below $50 a barrel?
Tests are being carried out on the knife and the car is being examined, Sussex Police said. Earlier on Saturday the family of Don Lock, from Worthing, paid tribute to a "gentle, kind and loving" man. Police now have until midnight on Sunday to question a 34-year-old man from Worthing on suspicion of murder. In a news conference given by a family members, Mr Lock's son Andrew told reporters they had been "incredibly overwhelmed" by the messages of support they had received. The family he said, was "deeply grateful" to the people who had tried to treat Mr Lock at the side of the road after what he described as an "horrific, unprovoked attack". He then spoke about his father's love of cycling and road racing in which he had been involved for more than 60 years. He said Mr Lock still kept a diary of the miles he had covered and his entry for Thursday said he had already ridden 20 miles that morning. Andrew Lock recalled attending Brighton & Hove Albion games with his father, taking along "jelly babies and liquorice allsorts". The family wanted to "remember dad for the fantastic person he was - full of wisdom, full of wit, always calm. "Always supportive, the perfect role model, and full of charm. Don, dad, granddad and great-granddad, the best." Det Ch Insp Paul Rymarz said Mr Lock was the victim of a "violent, unprovoked attack that he had no chance to defend himself against". He revealed that detectives had been given an extension until midnight on Sunday to continue questioning a man on suspicion of murder. He described the investigation as a "fast moving operation" and renewed his appeal for anyone with information that might be of use to the inquiry team to come forward. Mr Lock, who was recently given the all-clear from prostate cancer, was treated by paramedics but died shortly after the attack near Findon at about 20:40 BST on Thursday. Both cars were travelling southbound. Mr Lock's best friend, Stuart - a member of the same Worthing cycling club - paid tribute to him, describing him as "a truly perfect human being". "He was placid and kind and supported everyone. He was Mr Worthing. The area won't be the same without him." Another friend and member of the cycling club, Malcolm Hales, described him as a "quiet and unassuming guy" who "always had a smile for anyone he met".	A knife has been recovered and a car found by detectives investigating the murder of a 79-year-old driver after a crash in West Sussex.
The group has been in turmoil since a £1.5bn hole emerged in its finances last year, forcing it to sell off parts or all of its farming, pharmacies and banking divisions. Changes to the structure of the board were proposed, but had met stiff resistance from some key figures. But 83.7% of members voted in favour of the changes. The plans were proposed by former City minister Lord Myners and were accepted in principle in May. Lord Myners had blamed the structure of the Co-op Group's board for much of the chaos surrounding the business. Among the changes: Ursula Lidbetter, chair of the Co-operative Group, called it a "momentous and defining moment". "These reforms represent the final crucial step in delivering the change necessary to return the group to health," she said. Patrick Gray, president of the Midcounties Co-op which opposed the original changes from Lord Myners, said the vote was "not necessarily the end of the matter but rather the beginning of a new phase". He described the process as "exhausting". "The effort now is to make new Co-op both commercial and ethical. It's possible but difficult to achieve and depends on how the new [commercially focused] board gets along with the also new [members'] council." Following the discovery of the £1.5bn black hole in 2013, a deal was reached which saw the wider Co-op Group cede majority ownership of the bank to bondholders, including a number of US hedge funds. In a separate scandal before the bank had to be rescued, revelations emerged about the bank's disgraced former chairman Paul Flowers, who pleaded guilty to drugs possession in May. BBC business correspondent Joe Lynam said: "Today's vote is basically reinventing how the Co-op is run, putting it on a more commercial footing while retaining crucially the ethical background to the Co-Operative movement - the fact that it cannot be turned into a company at some stage in the future, that is one of the safeguards." He added: "It will still very much be an ethically focused, members-driven organisation but with far more business acumen and experience going forward. "That doesn't mean that there won't be a residue of a split-type movement - there are a lot of people who were very resistant to this change."	Members of the troubled Co-operative Group have voted in favour of reforming how the business is run.
Under the scheme, due to start next January, loans for those putting down 5% deposits would be guaranteed. Labour said there was nothing to stop people using it to buy second homes. The Treasury says this is not the point of the scheme but parents may be allowed to buy homes for their children when it is finalised. The Help to Buy scheme was one of the most eye-catching initiatives in Wednesday's Budget, but Labour has said the policy is beset by confusion amid questions about who might benefit. The aim of the policy, which will be available for homes up to £600,000 from January 2014, is to breathe new life into the housing market, which has been hit by banks demanding bigger deposits from homebuyers. The final details have yet to be worked out but it could facilitate £130bn of home loans over three years. By Chris MasonPolitical correspondent The day after the Budget is traditionally the day when politicians, journalists and think tanks have a proper, detailed look through the Chancellor's Red Book, which sets out the details of his proposals. This time a year ago was when we saw the beginnings of what critics would later call the "omnishambles," with all the talk of the pasty tax, the caravan tax, the church steeple tax and the charities tax. There is no sign of that kind of unravelling this year, at least yet. Ministers have struggled to clearly and consistently explain how their idea for boosting the housing market would work. But there are arguably three bigger questions about the plan. Should the government be in the business of getting so directly involved in the housing market? Could this plan artificially inflate the housing market and provoke a boom, which critics say contributed to the global economic crisis in the first place? And, most importantly of all, will it work? Treasury sources initially stressed to the BBC that it was not designed for second homes but they would not be specifically excluded. As the government sought to clarify the situation, Housing Minister Mark Prisk denied suggestions by Labour shadow chancellor Ed Balls that the Help to Buy scheme was potentially a second-home "subsidy". The minister told the BBC applicants would have to "divest" their existing properties if they were to qualify for help. But No 10 later had to clarify its position. A Downing Street spokesman said Mr Prisk had been referring to another part of the Help to Buy scheme, called the "equity loan scheme". This starts on 1 April 2013 and will help people who want to buy a new-build property in England only, unlike the mortgage guarantee scheme, which will be UK-wide. No 10 insisted the government's overall approach was "clear and coherent" and designed to overcome obstacles in the mortgage market that were stopping people from getting finance and reducing the number of new homes being built. "I don't think the government makes any apology for recognising the desire that a good number of families have to enter the housing market," said the prime minister's official spokesman. The BBC's chief political correspondent, Norman Smith, said Treasury officials were trying to work out a definition of the rules surrounding eligibility for the mortgage guarantee scheme that allowed parents to buy a home for their children but not to buy a holiday home. Most computers will open PDF documents automatically, but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here Budget: Full coverage There is also concern that the scheme could fuel another unsustainable house price boom, making properties less affordable for young people. Conservative MP Kwarsi Kwarteng said the shortage of mortgages for first-time buyers was a social problem that the government was right to address. But he added: "My worry with this is that having a system where you are giving mortgages without increasing the supply will lead to asset price inflation, because obviously if the amount of supply remains the same and you are making credit easier, the tendency would be for the prices to go up. "I think we could have announced something bolder that actually increased the supply of homes." BBC business editor Robert Peston said the new scheme was "ambitious" but came with risks as "growth sparked by a housing-linked consumer boom might not be altogether healthy" for the economy. Mr Osborne hit back at fears of house price inflation, saying the Bank of England would be able "to turn off the tap" on the finance after three years if the market was over-heating. He said the scheme was needed as the mortgage market was "not functioning properly". "The intention of the scheme is absolutely clear - it is for people who want to get their first home or have a home and want to move to a bigger home because perhaps they have got a bigger family," he told BBC Radio 4's Today programme. The Institute for Fiscal Studies warned that people may put off purchases until the scheme starts, thereby skewing the market, and borrowers might be more willing to default if their loans were underwritten. "There may be a good rationale for this policy but there are certainly risks attached to it," the think tank said. The Council of Mortgage Lenders has said the scheme must be attractive to borrowers, viable for lenders and not overly complex. Although the benefits would not be immediate, the trade body said it should enable lenders "to offer more low-deposit loans than they would otherwise be able to do" without worrying financial markets and regulators. The Help-to-Buy scheme was one of a number of initiatives announced in Wednesday's Budget - in which growth forecasts for 2013 were halved to 0.6% and the Office for Budget Responsibility suggested the government's efforts to cut the deficit - the difference between money spent and earned in a year - have stalled and it will remain stuck at about £120bn for three years.	A row has erupted over whether a Budget initiative aimed at helping people get on the housing ladder could be used to fund the purchase of second homes.
The body of 22-year-old Ffion Wyn Roberts was discovered in a drainage ditch called Y Cyt in the Gwynedd town in April 2010. Factory worker Iestyn Davies, 54, also from Porthmadog, denies murdering her. Caernarfon Crown Court heard that Ms Roberts received two phone calls from her brother Elgan prior to her death. The care worker was assaulted, strangled and drowned. The first witnesses in the case were called to court on Monday and included people who were with Ms Roberts the night before she died. That night she had been out at a birthday party at the Royal Madoc Hotel in the village of Tremadog, about a mile from her home. People who were at the event told the court that she was there with her mother Bethan, her father Idris and a friend of the family. After midnight, the party moved to another pub in Tremadog, The Union, a few yards away. But a friend of Ms Roberts gave evidence and said her brother, Elgan had also contacted her. Nia Jones said that he called Ms Roberts twice. The defence barrister, Patrick Harrington QC, asked Ms Jones: "On the second call, did she (Ffion Wyn Roberts) tell her brother to shut up, stop acting like a child and not to be so stupid?" Nia Jones replied: "Yes, she was cross." Another friend, Ffion Lydia Roberts, said that Ms Roberts had started to cry while in The Union pub, but had refused to say what was wrong. The court also heard from Hugh Finlay Williams, who discovered the body. He said that he and his wife were taking their usual afternoon walk along the banks of Y Cyt on Saturday lunchtime when they bumped into a neighbour who had lost her cat. He began searching for the cat, but spotted Ms Roberts' body almost immediately and called the police. The trial is due to last until mid April.	A jury has heard how a young woman from Porthmadog received several phone calls from her brother in the hours before she was found murdered.
The tree was felled early on Sunday morning at Rochford prompting council chairman Heather Glynn to issue an appeal for help on social media. Local people came to her aid and by 10:00 GMT the tree was back in place and the Christmas lights restored. Ms Glynn said she was in despair when the discovery was made but is now looking forward to the switch-on. "Thanks to an amazing community spirit, and acts kindness from some truly wonderful people, the tree is back up," she said. "Fortunately the lighting event was not until the afternoon and people were determined not to let the vandals beat them," she said. Festival organiser Pete Tobit said: "It was an act of mindless vandalism. Nothing stolen, just cut down. "I have arranged all the entertainment for the Rochford Lights for a number of years and could not believe what I saw this morning. "Thankfully, there are quite a few community spirited people in Rochford who just turned up and offered their services to reinstate the tree and lights. "It certainly has restored my faith in community spirit."	Vandals cut down an Essex town's Christmas tree on the eve of its festive lights switch-on.
The Gabon international has not played under Warnock, who says there could also be some surprise departures. "I'm looking to get him away. I've got to do some dealing," he said. "When you look at how you're going to thin the squad, there may be surprises because I might have to generate money to bring the ones I want in." Manga, 28, a £5m signing from French club Lorient in September 2014, is due to take part in the African Cup of Nations in January. Warnock hopes that will not be a hindrance to a potential move, and says the player supports his plan. "He's all for it. He understands," said Warnock. "Just because we might try and move one or two financially doesn't mean he's going to go. "If he doesn't, he'll be part of the plans for the rest of the season. You can't write anybody off. "The African Nations is not going to make it any easier, but we've had three or four clubs from different countries ask about him. "He's got a very global agent so I'm sure there'll be phone calls happening all the time and people watching him in the Cup of Nations might be a good thing." Manga is included in the squad for Saturday's visit of Brighton, a match that sees previous boss Paul Trollope return to the Cardiff City Stadium for the first time since leaving on 4 October. Warnock, who managed Trollope as a player at Torquay, says the Brighton assistant manager has joined the "best team" in the Championship. ''It just did not work out for him here," added Warnock. "Sometimes fate has a big part to play in your life and he is in a great place at the moment. "He's a smashing bloke, it's a wonderful club and I think they will go up this year. It's a great time to go on board. "He will be disappointed because nobody likes getting the sack, I have had it a few times. You look back at where you made mistakes and what you could do better. He will be a better person for it. But it's not very nice at the time."	Cardiff City defender Bruno Ecoule Manga is set to leave the Championship club in January as manager Neil Warnock plans a revamp of his squad.
Paul Makonda ordered police in the Kinondoni area of the main city, Dar es Salaam, to detain 20 workers after they turned up late for a meeting. Mr Makonda said the officials had failed to explain their actions. On Tuesday, newly-elected President John Magufuli replaced independence day celebrations with a clean-up campaign. Wednesday's failed meeting was rearranged on Thursday morning and the officers arrived two hours early. The commissioner's action has received widespread support among Tanzanians on social media. However, human rights groups have criticised the move, saying rules and regulations need to be followed to avoid chaos. "If someone does not show up for work, then we have to follow the laws and procedures we have," Onesmo Olengurumwa, from the Tanzanian Human Rights Defenders' Coalition, told the BBC. But he added that they were in support of the efforts shown by the current president to ensure that everyone was held responsible. The BBC's Tulanana Bohela in Dar es Salaam says lateness and long tea breaks are a constant source of complaints from citizens seeking services from public offices. The district commissioner may be seen as taking inspiration from the new president, who has the reputation of a no-nonsense, results-driven politician, she says. Since coming to power last month, Mr Magufuli, nicknamed "The Bulldozer", has announced a range of cost-cutting measures, including a ban on unnecessary foreign travel by government officials.	Rights activists in Tanzania have condemned the decision of a district commissioner to lock up civil servants for coming to work late.
