(CNN) -- For the generation of Iraqi artists who came of age under Saddam Hussein's regime in the 1980s, one common subject was the dictator himself, often depicted holding a sword or riding an Arabian horse. Politics aside, those were good days for artists, says Natiq al Alousi, 49, an Iraqi sculptor who considers his commissioned work of Saddam to be an achievement. "Working as an artist in Iraq, when Saddam Hussein was president, was a golden period for all artists, not just myself. He was supportive of artists and was open to them," he says. "But we weren't open to the world for security reasons, and that's it." Receiving small recognition from Saddam was important to him as a budding artist, al Alousi says. As a student he entered a large competition -- one that he did not expect to win -- and Saddam attended the event. Upon viewing his work, "Saddam Hussein himself told me that the idea was nice, and that's the only thing I remember from the whole competition," he says. Read more: Bringing Babylon back from the dead . Al Alousi went on to create public sculptures and some that were placed in presidential palaces. Some were made for aesthetics and others to reflect events or issues that the country faced, he says. His memories of the time under Saddam can verge on idyllic. "There was never a day, for any artist in any form of art, who was forced to work for Saddam Hussein or the country," he says. "We were all happily working, and there were competitions that anyone can participate in." And when Saddam fell in 2003, so too did al Alousi's statues. He says it is disheartening to think of art being torn down. Now living in Abu Dhabi, al Alousi still sculpts using various mediums, but there are stumbling blocks. Few people there want to buy large statues, he says, and there is not even a foundry for his bronze works. He has to mail molds more than 1,000 miles away to Egypt, and the bronze rarely survives the return journey intact. In Abu Dhabi, "the art movement is still yet to begin in the right way. It did start, but it needs more solidarity and extra encouragement from certain entities for it to be mature," he says. Read more: Rediscovering Iraq's cultural heart . But al Alousi sees these as only minor problems for his art, which he says is the "purest thing" in his life, a matter of expression, beauty and experimentation. And he says art has nothing to do with politics or religion. As for his associations with the dictator, it only meant he was at the top of his game. "I do not regret that I once worked for Saddam Hussein," he said. "This is history. Only the best artists work for presidents."	Under Saddam Hussein's regime, Natiq al Alousi was commissioned to create works depicting the dictator . Al Alousi, a sculptor, says artists received much support from Saddam . He says working for Saddam was only a "fact of history" and does not regret it .
By . Wills Robinson . PUBLISHED: . 04:04 EST, 19 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:12 EST, 19 September 2013 . Missing: Kyron Horman holding a teddy bear before he mysteriously vanished in 2010 . The divorced parents of a 10-year-old boy who went missing in 2010 have appeared on television together for the first time in three years. Dr Phil dedicated the hour-long programme to an interview between Desiree Young and Kaine Horman, whose son Kyron Horman mysteriously vanished from his school. They questioned each other over events which led up to disappearance of the boy, who was seven years old when he failed to arrive at Skyline Elementary School in Portland, Oregon. The boy's mother accused Horman, his father,  of ignoring signs he was unhappy. But Horman said Kyron was struggling to deal with 'split households' Young said: 'I don't blame Kaine for Kyron's disappearance. I want to make that very clear.' But she added: 'Things were happening in the year prior to Kyron going missing. 'It was just ignored. I feel like in that we failed Kyron. We didn't protect him.' Kyron's mother also said she had concerns Horman was 'ignoring signs', referring to the behavior of his wife, Terri Horman, Kyron Horman's stepmother, who took him to school on the day he disappeared. Desiree Young filed a $10 million suit against Terri Horman last year, alleging the stepmother kidnapped Kyron Horman. But the case was dropped, with Young saying it could not move forward without information from the police, who withheld evidence because of the ongoing investigation. Kyron was reported missing in June 2010 after failing to turn up to Skyline Elementary School in Portland, Oregon. Scroll down for video . Interview: Dr Phil dedicated the hour-long programme to a conversation between Kyron's divorced parents Desiree Young and Kaine Norman . Mother: Desiree Young (left) said Kyron's father ignored signs he was unhappy, but did not blame Kaine Horman (right) for their son's disappearance . He was taken to school by his stepmother, Terri Horman, who then stayed with him while he attended a science fair. Terri Horman states she left the school at around 8:45am but Kyron was not present in his first class of the day and was marked down as absent. Three years on, no arrests have been made in the case, despite an exhaustive search by local police and the FBI. During the interview Young also talked about Horman's infidelity while they were married, saying: 'I was seven months pregnant, Kaine was having an affair.' Horman apologised for cheating on her with Terri Horman, who he married around six months after Kyron's disappearance. Allegations: Desiree Young also talked about Horman's infidelity, accusing him of having an affair when they were married and when she was pregnant with Kyron . Kyron's stepmother Terri Horman (left) took him to . Skyline Elementary School on the day he disappeared and is the last . person to have seen him alive . Horman, did not respond to the allegations, focusing on Kyron throughout the conversation. He said the seven-year-old acted out while he switched between Horman's house in Portland and Young's in Medford which is 273 miles away. Young said Terri Horman would call her, asking if she could come and collect Kyron when the boy's father was away on business trips. She recalled one time when she came to pick him up and said 'He was crying. There was something going on. He wanted to live with me. He didn't want to be there.' Horman reacted and said the reason Kyron was upset was because he was just struggling to 'deal with split households' and said he also cried during journeys to Medford. Play: Dr Phil's audience were shown clips of Kyron before he disappeared, including this one of him playing with his mother . Desiree Young filed a $10million lawsuit against Kyron's stepmother Terri Horman, accusing her of kidnap, but she dropped the case in July this year . 'He didn’t want to come see you. I never told you that before.' Both Horman and Young repeated believe that Terri Horman is implicated in Kyron's disappearance. She took him to Skyline School that Friday morning and she is the last known person who saw him. 'I believe she's involved in this. I think she is the one who has all the answers.' A cloud of suspicion has hung over Terri Horman, who is now living with her parents in Roseburg. But she's not been charged and was only named as a prime suspect in a civil law suit filed against her. Young said Terri Horman had put everything in writing, saying she and Kaine Horman had been up arguing until 3 a.m, just hours before Kyron disappeared. Young said Terri Horman wrote that her marriage to Kaine Horman was over and that she planned to return to Roseburg the day the boy vanished. No stone unturned: Authorities have searched more than 28,000 hours for Kyron since his 2010 disappearance. Here, recovery workers take to the water . Volunteers: Desiree Young organised a new search earlier this month and said she had unearthered new evidence . Kaine Horman denied the allegations saying they did not fight at all. Multiple searches have been done but the authorities have never turned up any solid indications of what happened to the boy. Both Young and Horman said they believe he is alive somewhere. 'I will until the day that I die. I still believe that he's going to come through the door.' Horman said he thinks the fact that no clues have turned up only increases the likelihood that Kyron lives. Earlier this month, Young organised a new search in Multnomah County, Oregon, and said that she had unearthed new evidence. She said that the two-day search, which was carried out by 60 volunteers, and 10 search dogs, was successful but she would not be specific about exactly what they found, citing the ongoing criminal investigation. The items were handed over to the Multnomah County Sheriff's Office and officers were examining  whether they hold any significance to the case. Hope: Desiree Young (picture with Kyron) said she still believes her son is going to walk through her door alive .	Kyron Horman was seven when he disappeared in June 2010 . Interview was first time parents have been face-to-face in three years . His mother Desiree Young said they both had failed to protect Kyron . Kaine Horman, his father, apologised for having an affair . His new wife, Terri Horman, was the last person to see the schoolboy alive .
By . Steve Nolan . PUBLISHED: . 08:00 EST, 24 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 18:13 EST, 24 September 2013 . A council leader who subjected his wife to a decade of abuse shot her dead then  killed himself when he found out she was considering leaving him, an inquest heard. Keith Johnson, 58, was described by 44-year-old Andrea as someone who would ‘change like the devil’ when they were alone. Details of her years of torment at his hands only emerged in a secret diary discovered after her death. Murder-suicide: Keith Johnson, left, shot his wife Andrea, right, dead outside their home before turning the gun on himself . Violent: A diary kept by Mrs Johnson and found by police after the couple had died, revealed that Mr Johnson subjected his wife to a decade of abuse . The couple, who had been together for more than 20 years, had an ‘open relationship’ and each had affairs. But . after learning she was considering ending their marriage Johnson, the . Tory leader of North Norfolk District Council and former mayor of . Cromer, wrote out wills and funeral instructions, before luring her to . her death outside their home. He was yesterday described as a ‘monster’ by her family. In . one diary entry, soon after they married in 2004, shop assistant Mrs . Johnson wrote: ‘He doesn’t seem bothered he is hurting me, said I either . like it or lump it.’ Later she described how he would ‘change like the devil’ and in another entry said: ‘He’s done it so often it doesn’t matter.’ Investigation: Police guard the scene at Compit Hills in Cromer, Norfolk, where Mr Johnson killed his wife and then himself in December last year . Deliberate: The inquest heard that Mr Johnson planned to kill his wife with her own shotgun after luring her back to the house telling her that he would not be violent . The . inquest in Norwich heard yesterday how she had been in ‘a close . relationship’ with cleaning  company director Robert Jeans, 62, in the . months before her death. Harrowing: Police only found Mrs Johnson's diary during a search of the house following her death . Johnson threw her out of their bungalow in Compit Hills, near Cromer, and she went to stay with Mr Jeans nearby. The next day Mr Jeans drove her back to her marital home after Johnson invited them for a chat and promised not to harm her. Mr . Jeans told the inquest how he did not get out of his car and drove . away, leaving Mrs Johnson talking to her husband on their driveway. Mrs . Johnson called 999 at 2.28pm to report that her husband was on the . driveway with a shotgun and the operator heard a gunshot and her . screams. Several minutes later Johnson went into the back garden and shot himself with one of his wife’s four licensed shotguns. Police . found a series of notes, including details of how to dispose of the . estate and how the couple should be buried, suggesting he had planned . the murder on  December 2 last year. Post mortems found Mrs Johnson died of a single shotgun wound to the chest and her husband from a shotgun wound to his neck. After . the inquest, a domestic violence homicide review was published . detailing how Johnson abused his spouse, who he saw as a ‘trophy wife’. It contained details of the diary which referred to the times when he . beat her while drunk and had sex with other women in front of her at . their home. Mrs Johnson’s . family told of their horror at the revelations. Outside court, her . sister Sharon Thorpe said: ‘We wish we had known you were suffering so . we could have helped you. Keith Johnson, the face of Cromer, was nothing . more than a monster.’ Coroner William Armstrong concluded that Mrs Johnson suffered an unlawful death and Mr Johnson killed himself. Police probe: Forensics officers pictured outside the home of the Johnsons near Cromer, Norfolk, following their deaths . Devastated: Pictured (left to right) are Andrea Johnson's brother-in-law Kevin Thorpe, sister Sharon Thorpe and parents John and Jan Chadwick at Andrea's inquest . Share what you think . The comments below have been moderated in advance. Karen, . Bedford, . 16 hours ago . No one knows what happens behind closed doors and few care enough to ask. It is very hard to be married to a 'controller' and there is the added fear of what will happen if he loses control. I am surprised he 'allowed' his wife to have affairs. RIP Andrea, Rot in hell Keith . The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.	Keith Johnson, 58, shot wife Andrea outside their home in Norfolk . The North Norfolk District Council leader and ex-mayor then killed himself . Police found couple's wills and funeral plans at their home near Cromer . A diary kept by Mrs Johnson revealing that she was abused was also found . It said her husband could 'change like the devil' when they were alone .
By . Lizzie Edmonds . A Ferrari driver was remarkably uninjured after he smashed his supercar into this central reservation of the M1. These images show the aftermath of the high-speed crash, which took place near to Woolley Edge services in Wakefield, West Yorkshire. The front of the Ferrari 458 Italia is almost destroyed in the images, while the bonnet sticks up in the air. Smash: A driver was left uninjured when he smashed his Ferrari 458 into the central reservation on the M1 . Damage: The car's bumper was smashed following the collision near Wakefield, West Yorkshire, on Monday . Luckily, the rest of the car - prices for which start at around £170,000, appears relatively unscathed. Fortunately, the driver was not injured in the crash - which took place at around 3.45pm on Monday. No one else was harmed in the crash either, police confirmed. Officers took to Twitter after the collision to issue road safety advice after the car careered into the barrier on the northbound carriageway. The West Yorkshire Road Policing Unit tweeted: 'Ferrari RTC into the central reservation! Bad weather conditions be careful.' Warning: West Yorkshire Police road unit tweeted this picture of the crash - taking the opportunity to warn drivers about poor driving conditions due to bad weather . Hot wheels: Officers then commented on the £170,000 vehicle - saying it was a 'very nice car' Production of the Ferrari 458 began in 2009. It is rear mid-engine, rear-wheel drive . There are two different body types: Berlinetta and Spider . Engine: 4.5L V8 (562 hp at 9,000 rpm) Transmission: 7-speed dual-clutch . Acceleration: 0-100 km/h (62 mph) in 3.3 seconds . Top speed: 325 km/h (202 mph) Price: Begins at £169,545 . They later added: 'It was a very nice car.' The Ferrari's 0-60mph acceleration is 3.3 seconds with a top speed of 202 mph. It is powered by a 4.5L V8 engine which produces 562 hp at 9,000 rpm. Last week, another Ferrari was in the spotlight for a very different reason - because its owner had wrapped it in £4,000 work of gold vinyl. The £200,000 248 Spider belonged to kickboxing world champion Riyadh Al-Azzawi. Mr Al-Azzawi parked the Italian supercar outside a gym in Kensington, London, where he was training. It wasn't long before it attracted crowds of gawping onlookers - some of which even took videos of the rather garish vehicle.	Ferrari 458 Italia smashed into central reservation of M1 on Monday . Driver wasn't hurt in smash near Wakefield, West Yorkshire . Prices of 202mph 4.5L V8 Ferrari start at around £170,000 .
'No need for notes': ABBA star Bjorn Ulvaeus is backing Sweden's move towards a cashless society after his son was robbed three times . Sweden was the first European country to introduce bank notes in 1661. Now it's come farther than most on the path toward getting rid of them. 'I can't see why we should be printing bank notes at all anymore,' says Bjoern Ulvaeus, former member of 1970s pop group ABBA and a vocal proponent for a world without cash. The contours of such a society are starting to take shape in this high-tech nation, frustrating those who prefer coins and bills over digital money. In most Swedish cities, public buses don't accept cash - tickets are prepaid or purchased with a cell phone text message. A small, but growing number of businesses only take cards and some bank offices — which make money on electronic transactions — have stopped handling cash altogether. 'There are towns where it isn't at all possible anymore to enter a bank and use cash,' complains Curt Persson, chairman of Sweden's National Pensioners' Organization. He says that's a problem for elderly people in rural areas who don't have credit cards or don't know how to use them to withdraw cash. The decline of cash is noticeable even in houses of worship, like the Carl Gustaf Church in Karlshamn, southern Sweden, where Vicar Johan Tyrberg recently installed a card reader to make it easier for worshippers to make offerings. 'People came up to me several times and said they didn't have cash, but would still like to donate money,' Tyrberg says. Plastic fantastic: Vicar Johan Tyrberg stands next to a credit card machine in the Carl Gustaf Church in Karlshamn, southern Sweden, to enable worshippers to donate money without having to carry cash . Bills and coins represent only three per cent of Sweden's economy, compared to an average of nine per cent in the eurozone and seven per cent in the U.S., according to the Bank for International Settlements, an umbrella organization for the world's central banks. Three per cent is still too much if you ask Ulvaeus. A cashless society may seem like an odd cause for someone who made a fortune on 'Money, Money, Money' and other ABBA hits, but for Ulvaeus it's a matter of security. After his son was robbed for the third time, he started advocating a faster transition to a fully digital economy, if only to make life harder for thieves. 'If there were no cash, what would they do?' says Ulvaeus, 66. The Swedish Bankers' Association says the shrinkage of the cash economy is already making an impact in crime statistics. End of the print run? Kronor bills and coins make up just 3 per cent of the economy . The number of bank robberies in Sweden plunged from 110 in 2008 to 16 in 2011 — the lowest level since it started keeping records 30 years ago. It says robberies of security transports are also down. The prevalence of electronic transactions — and the digital trail they generate — also helps explain why Sweden has less of a problem with graft than countries with a stronger cash culture, such as Italy or Greece, says economics professor Friedrich Schneider of the Johannes Kepler University in Austria. 'If people use more cards, they are less involved in shadow economy activities,' says Schneider, an expert on underground economies. The flip side is the risk of cybercrimes. According to the Swedish National Council for Crime Prevention, the number of computerized fraud cases, including skimming, surged to nearly 20,000 in 2011 from 3,304 in 2000. It's no surprise that Sweden and other Nordic countries are at the forefront of this development, given their emphasis on technology and innovation. For the second year in a row, Sweden ranked first in the Global Information Technology Report released at the World Economic Forum in January. The Economist Intelligence Unit also put Sweden top of its latest digital economy rankings, in 2010. Both rankings measure how far countries have come in integrating information and communication technologies in their economies.	Nation was first in Europe to bring in notes in 1661 . Bills and coins now just 3% of Sweden's economy . Bank robberies plunge, but cyber crime surges .
By . Leon Watson . From buildings built by the Nazis to ornate theatres, burnt out hotels and eerie sanatoriums, these are the abandoned buildings that still litter the powerhouse of Europe. Photographer Daniel Barter, 30, from London travelled to the German capital Berlin and the surrounding countryside to capture buildings in need of work on film. Far from being resplendent in vintage glory, the deserted music venues and crumbling hospitals are a shadow of their former selves. An abandoned former Hitler Youth Training School pictured by British photographer Daniel Barter, 30, from London . The Eagle and Iron Cross mural at Krampnitz Kaserne, a military complex, in Fahrland, Potsdam, created by the Germans during the rearmament period . Warped parquet flooring at Krampnitz Kaserne. The site was also used as a driving training centre until the Russians took control of the area, taking over a day after the Germans abandoned it April 26, 1945 . A gym/basketball court at Krampnitz Kaserne. The 35th Guards Motor Rifle Division was then stationed there until its abandonment in 1992, after the Soviet Union dissolved . Decaying: A lecture hall at the former Hitler Youth training school pictured by Daniel Barter, 30 . A view of the former Hitler Youth training school's lecture hall from the stage . The inside of the former Hitler Youth Training School in Germany. The windows are open, but this room is still in good condition . German eagle motifs flake off ceilings and concert halls designed for hundreds have not seen a show for years. Mr Barter said: 'I stumbled into photography via my degree, which was in restoration. My interest in abandonments started really young. 'When I was five my junior school had a derelict aeroplane in an adjoining field. Two of my friends and I climbed over the 10ft green wire mesh fence and entered the plane. 'If I close my eyes I can still picture the switches, dials and smell the leather. 'I find abandoned buildings to photograph by word of mouth or a little bit of research. 'To gain access to some of the locations is quite another story and can involve a lot of climbing, sneaking and hiding. 'The best and most interesting thing about photographing abandoned buildings in Germany has to be the clash between different opposing ideologies that dominated this region in the mid to late 20th century. 'There is almost nothing else similar to it around the globe. 'The way it effected the material fabric of these lost places and the way it continues to effect the region as a whole, is I believe unique.' There are more than 60 buildings at the sanatorium which are  looking for a new lease of life . An undamaged guest room in the burnt out hotel looks almost lived in, but very dated . Seen better days: The main dining table in the abandoned and burnt out hotel . Left to rot: A barber's chair in a manor house that once acted as a sanatorium . The grand staircase at the Lung Sanatorium that has been daubed with graffiti. The site is south of Berlin. Building work started in 1898 . Pictured here is an abandoned theatre that has not seen a show for years . Mr Barter's photographs show even the powerhouse of Europe has its fair share of abandoned properties . A restaurant in the site of a burnt out hotel where food hasn't been on the menu for years . A corridor at the sanatorium. In its time it was also used as a hospital by the Russian Army until German reunification . The arches around a courtyard inside the old sanatorium daubed with graffiti .	Photographer Daniel Barter, 30, from London travelled to Berlin to capture sites . Deserted music venues and crumbling hospitals are a shadow of their former selves .
(CNN) -- The end is closer than the beginning. Ron (Rupert Grint, left), Harry (Daniel Radcliffe, second from right) and Hermione (Emma Watson) in the new film. Harry Potter and his friends at Hogwarts are now in their sixth year of seven at the school. They've seen a lot of changes, particularly as the influence of the reawakened Voldemort (that is, He Who Must Not Be Named) has made itself known. And the movie series itself is now nearing its conclusion. "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince," which comes out Wednesday, is likewise the sixth movie in the series based on J.K. Rowling's seven Harry Potter books. There is one benefit to having such history, director David Yates says: Pretty much everybody going to see "Half-Blood Prince" is familiar with the characters, whether through the books or the movies. "We made a decision -- we kind of crossed a line, actually, I think, on this movie, where we said, 'You know, this is the sixth one in the series; it's the most popular franchise probably in history; do we stop and explain things to the audience who may have not seen any of the others?' And we said 'no,' " Yates said. "And you know why? It's because they can always go back to DVDs. They can go back to the books." Indeed, many fans know the books -- and the movies -- backward and forward.  Interactive: Harry Potter 101 » . The new film reflects the growth of the characters: Harry, the orphaned boy wizard who has been forced to take on responsibilities beyond his youthful years; Ron Weasley (Rupert Grint), his red-haired best friend, who is finding depths of courage in himself he wasn't aware of; Hermione Granger (Emma Watson), the bookish and indispensible member of their clan, who has demonstrated key leadership qualities; and all the rest, preparing for the showdown with the archvillain Voldemort.  Watch the Potter cast answer your questions » . Among the returning performers: Michael Gambon as Dumbledore, Alan Rickman as Snape, Maggie Smith as McGonagall, Robbie Coltrane as Hagrid and Ralph Fiennes as Voldemort. One addition is Jim Broadbent, who plays Horace Slughorn, a former professor brought back to Hogwarts.  Watch the stars at the rainy premiere » . Despite the growing darkness, there's also a lightness to the new film, says Daniel Radcliffe, who plays Harry. Unlike the previous two movies in the series, which were rated PG-13, this one is rated a more family-friendly PG. "I think this film's funnier," Radcliffe said. "There are a couple of moments which I laughed out loud at." Not that it's going to be a barrel of laughs, Yates cautions. (How could it, with the snake-faced Voldemort growing ever stronger?) "It is a bit bipolar," Yates said. "On the one hand, there's all this ... romance, and on the other hand, people are getting killed, and bridges are being blown up." Oh, yes, there's romance. After all, the main Potter characters are all teenagers now, with all the teenage longings. Potter fans have had their own longings. "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" was scheduled to be released in November but was pushed back to its Wednesday opening after Warner Bros., Potter's studio, expressed concerns about putting it out over the holiday season. (Warner Bros., like CNN, is a unit of Time Warner.) Warner Bros. said at the time that the film "perfectly fills the gap for a major tent-pole release for mid-summer" and added that the delay was also due to "repercussions" from the 2007-08 writers strike. But fans weren't so easily placated, filling message boards with angry comments and starting petitions that garnered tens of thousands of signatures. Warner Bros. President Alan Horn was even moved to put out a statement assuring fans that the scheduling change "was not taken lightly." Now that the moment is finally at hand, the fans seem to have forgiven the studio. According to Fandango.com, a movie ticket-selling site, "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" is outselling "Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen" at the same point in the sales cycle. It's also in MovieTickets.com's top 25 advance sellers of all time. Given that "Transformers" is, by far, the year's top-grossing film, those tidbits can't help but make the studio happy. iReport.com: Seeing the latest "Potter?" Share your review . The last of Rowling's Potter books, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows," is in production now as two films. That's given the cast a bit of temporal whiplash when talking about "Half-Blood Prince," since they completed it more than a year ago, but they've been game to talk. After all, they've come a long way since "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone," way back in 2001. And they're aware as anyone of the passage of time -- that they're closer to the end than the beginning. It's the kind of situation that leads to sentimental reflections. But Watson, for one, couldn't wait to let go of one thing: her school uniform. "I was like, 'Burn it!' " she told Entertainment Weekly. "Oh, my God, to be done with those shoes and that uniform -- that was an exciting day."	"Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" comes out Wednesday . Film is sixth in the series, has moments of humor amid growing darkness . Less back story for this one, director says: Fans can "go back to DVDs" and books .
(CNN) -- Sugar-sweetened beverages are linked to more than 180,000 obesity-related deaths worldwide each year, according to new research presented this week at an American Heart Association conference. "This means about one in every 100 deaths from obesity-related diseases is caused by drinking sugary beverages," says study author Gitanjali Singh, a postdoctoral research fellow at the Harvard School of Public Health. Among the world's 35 largest countries, Mexico had the highest death rates from sugary drinks, and Bangladesh had the lowest, according to the study. The United States ranked third. However, the American Beverage Association dismissed the research as "more about sensationalism than science." Opinion: Banning large sodas is legal and smart . When people drink too many beverages containing added sugar, such as soft drinks, fruit drinks, energy or sports beverages, they tend to put on weight. The study authors say these added pounds increase the risk of developing diabetes, cardiovascular disease and some cancers -- conditions often referred to as obesity-related diseases. Researchers at Harvard wanted to find out how often people around the globe drank sugar-sweetened beverages and how that affected their risk of death. They looked at 114 national dietary surveys covering more than 60% of the world's population. They also used evidence from studies published in medical journals that discussed sugary drinks and other dietary habits. Their data was included in the 2010 Global Burden of Disease Study, which looks at the health and mortality of populations across the world. How did the Harvard scientists single out that sweet drinks were linked to weight gain and death? They spent several years gathering and combing through data. They looked at all kinds of factors that can affect our weight such as TV watching, changes in physical activity levels, smoking and the consumption of all kinds of food and drink. When the researchers controlled for these factors, they were able to determine what percentage of deaths from diabetes, heart disease and cancer were linked to sugary drinks. "The investigators examined changes in sugar-sweetened beverage consumption and then its association with change in body fatness or BMI (body mass index), and subsequent deaths from cardiovascular disease, diabetes and cancer," says Rachel Johnson, professor of nutrition at the University of Vermont in Burlington and chair of the American Heart Assocation's Nutrition Committee, who was not involved in the study. Opinion: 'Anti-Bloomberg' bill stops overregulation . Scientists found that more people died from diabetes, heart disease and cancer in parts of the world where consumption of sugary drinks is high. Of the nine world regions in 2010, Latin America and the Caribbean had the most diabetes deaths linked to sugary drinks with 38,000. East and Central Eurasia had the most cardiovascular deaths at 11,000. In the United States, sugary drinks were linked to the deaths of 25,000 people from diabetes and other obesity-related diseases. As in many other countries, the death rates were highest in young adults under age 45, with one in 10 obesity-related deaths associated with sugary beverages. "Almost three-quarters of the deaths caused by sugary drinks are in low and middle income countries," says study author Dr. Dariush Mozaffarian, co-director of the cardiovascular epidemiology program at the Harvard School of Public Health. "So this is not just a problem in wealthy nations." The average consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages in Mexico, the country with the highest death rates among larger nations, was 24 ounces per day. The American Beverage Association released this statement in response to the study: . "This abstract, which is neither peer-reviewed nor published, is more about sensationalism than science. In no way does it show that consuming sugar-sweetened beverages causes chronic diseases such as diabetes, cardiovascular disease or cancer - the real causes of death among the studied subjects. "The researchers make a huge leap when they illogically and wrongly take beverage intake calculations from around the globe and allege that those beverages are the cause of deaths which the authors themselves acknowledge are due to chronic disease." Judge stops NYC ban on large sugary drinks, city plans appeal . The study authors and other experts disagree. "We know having an elevated BMI is associated with an increased risk of heart disease, diabetes and some cancers," says Johnson. "The body does not seem to detect fullness as well when you drink sugary drinks. That is one explanation for why sugar-sweetened beverages are associated with obesity." Recently the American Heart Association came out with a scientific statement about sugar intake and heart health because it says there is new evidence about the relationship between the two. The statement says some research has found a link between sugar consumption and cardiovascular disease, while other research has not found a direct link. The AHA says that the best way to maintain a healthy weight and to decrease the risk of heart disease is to eat a healthy diet and to limit added sugar to no more than 100 calories a day for women and 150 for men. Soft drinks and other sugar-sweetened beverages are the main source of added sugars in the American diet, according to the statement. One 12-ounce regular soda contains the equivalent of 10 teaspoons of sugar and has about 140 calories. Our obsession with sugar, salt and fat .	About 1 in every 100 deaths is caused by sugary beverages, researchers say . The American Beverage Association says the study is "more about sensationalism" Researchers analyzed data to link sugary drink consumption to obesity-related deaths .
By . Associated Press . UPDATED: . 10:05 EST, 16 March 2012 . When a Georgia judge sentenced a former General Electric supervisor to life in prison without parole for killing his subordinate's husband outside a preschool, the case seemed far from closed. That's because the focus of the month-long trial was as much on the victim's wife, Andrea Sneiderman, as it was on the accused. After Hemy Neuman was found guilty but mentally ill yesterday of the November 2010 murder of Russell 'Rusty' Sneiderman, the question quickly became whether prosecutors would charge her with a crime in her husband's death. Possible suspect: Now that Neuman has been convicted, all eyes turn to widow Andrea Sneiderman, who could have played a role in her late husband's demise . Taken away: Hemy Neuman was sentenced to life in prison, but will receive mental aide whilst behind bars . Weeping: Rusty's father Don Sneiderman reacts after the reading of the verdict yesterday . Neuman's defence attorneys and Russell Sneiderman's family said they hope to see prosecutors investigate Andrea Sneiderman in the killing. Russell Sneiderman's brother, Steve, said the family has long suspected Andrea was involved in Russell's death, and the trial only confirmed their suspicions. 'Why? What is she hiding? These questions must be answered and answered soon,' he said. Steve Seniderman added: 'We'll have no peace until everyone involved in Rusty's death is held accountable for their actions. In the meantime it's clear to me that Andrea is covered in Rusty's blood.' DeKalb County District Attorney Robert James said his office is reviewing the case and, when pressed after the trial on whether imminent charges would be filed related to the victim's wife, he said: 'Stay tuned.' 'Everybody's asking that question,' said Mr James. 'And I'm not going to stand up here and be disingenuous and say that's something that's not being considered.' Guilty: Hemy Neuman reacts to the verdict today as he faces the prospect of life in prison without parole . Andrea Sneiderman has denied knowing anything about the shooting and her attorney said after the verdict that her client was grateful for the conviction and sentence. She wouldn't comment on the possibility of a criminal investigation. 'Nothing can bring back her husband,' said attorney Jennifer Little, 'but it is reassuring to her that, after all of the noise and distractions surrounding this case, some measure of justice has been done for Rusty.' Days of testimony during the trial targeted whether Andrea Sneiderman was involved in an affair with Neuman, whether she knew about the details of her husband's death suspiciously early and whether she worked with her former boss to cover it up. This week's closing arguments only ratcheted up the rhetoric. Insane: Hemy Neuman was found guilty today in the shooting death of Russell Sneiderman but will have to be treated in jail for his mental illness . Visions: Neuman claimed an angel who looked like Olivia Newton-John, left, appeared to him, as did a demon with the voice of Barry White, right . Attorney Doug Peters, who represented . Neuman, called her a 'tease' who took advantage of Neuman's rapidly . deteriorating mental state, saying that while his client may have had . the gun, 'the trigger, I respectfully suggest, was pulled by Andrea . Sneiderman.' James took it a step further, suggesting that the widow was . a 'co-conspirator.' 'Hemy didn't hide his crime from Andrea because Andrea already knew,' James said in the trial. J. Tom Morgan, a former DeKalb County . district attorney, said a prosecutor can't ethically accuse anyone of . the crime to the news media unless that person has been charged, . indicted or granted immunity. But that doesn't prevent a prosecutor . from suggesting a witness was involved in a criminal act to a jury as . long as the evidence backs it up. Secret conversation: Defendant Hemy Neuman, left, spoke with attorney Douglas N. Peters who fought his case on the grounds he was not guilty by reason of insanity . 'So the D.A. can do something in . closing he would be prohibited from doing in a press conference,' said . Morgan, who is now in private practice. 'Whether Robert is going to do . something with her after the trial is anyone's guess.' Peters said he's confident his client would testify if charges are brought and she goes to trial. 'I believe that she planted the seed. I believe that as primed the pump. I believe that as stoked the fire,' Peters said. 'And I believe the evidence in the case indicates quite . clearly that she wanted her husband murdered and that she manipulated . him.' Phone records showed Neuman and . Andrea Sneiderman exchanged multiple phone calls on the eve of her . husband's death and immediately after the killing. [caption . And while she testified she didn't . discover her husband had been shot until she reached the hospital about . an hour after the shooting, her father-in-law and a close friend both . said she called to deliver the bad news only minutes after he was shot. Andrea Sneiderman, who has repeatedly . denied being involved in an affair, said she made mistakes by holding . hands with Neuman, dancing with him at a bar and having long dinners . with him while on business trips. But she said she didn't report his . advances because she feared for her job, and didn't air her suspicions . that Neuman was involved because it seemed unfathomable. 'The theory that my boss could kill my husband, it seemed kind of stupid at the time,' she testified. Andrea Sneiderman was hired in early 2010 because her husband was having trouble finding a steady paycheck. She hit it off with Neuman and the . two exchanged 1,500 phone calls and text messages in the months before . the killing. On work trips, they shared intimate dinners and inside . jokes — and, attorneys say, sexual relations. Her husband, a Harvard-educated . entrepreneur who she met in college at Indiana University, was gunned . down on November 18, 2010 after dropping his two-year-old son off at . Dunwoody Prep. Police say a bearded man with a hoodie shot him four . times and sped away in a rented minivan. Torn apart: Russell Sneiderman was murdered after dropping his children off at daycare. His wife, Andrea, right, was allegedly having an affair with his accused killer . Neuman was charged with the crime about six weeks later. He pleaded not guilty by reason of . insanity, saying he couldn't tell the difference between right and wrong . during the shooting. His lawyers say he fell so hopelessly . in love with Andrea Sneiderman that he believed he was the father of . her two children and that the only way to protect them was to murder her . husband. 'We'll have no peace until everyone involved in Rusty's death is held accountable for their actions. In the meantime it's clear to me that Andrea is covered in Rusty's blood.' Prosecutors said Neuman simply wasn't . suffering from a 'made up' mental illness, only jealousy for what he . couldn't have. A jury agreed, rejecting Neuman's claim that he didn't . know the difference between right and wrong at the time of the killing. They found him guilty but mentally . ill, which means he'll have access to mental health treatment while . spending his life behind bars. Some legal experts who have been following the case said there were advantages to charging Neuman but not Andrea Sneiderman. 'The fact she wasn't indicted allowed . her to be called as a witness,' said John Petrey, an ex-DeKalb County . prosecutor who is now in private practice. 'And from the prosecution's . point of view it was important that the jury hear and see Andrea . Sneiderman. Had she been charged they couldn't have done that.' Petrey said prosecutors may take their . time and develop a strong case that could secure not just an indictment . but also a conviction. 'I'd marshal my best prosecutors and . see if there's enough to indict and convict Andrea because if they're . ready to make that leap they would want to be able to quickly take her . to trial,' he said. James, the district attorney, said his office will do its best to seek justice for the victim's family. 'It's something we're looking at. I . know it's important to this family. It's important to America,' James . said. 'But as a prosecutor I have an obligation to follow the facts ... and make a decision that seeks justice.' Scene of the crime: Randy Sneiderman was shot outside of Dunwoody Daycare Centre outside of Atlanta in 2010 . Andrea Sneiderman was hired in early . 2010, and she and Neuman hit it off, exchanging 1,500 phone calls and . text messages in the months leading up to the killing. On work trips, they would share long dinners and intimate moments, including sex, according to attorneys. Neuman didn't testify, but jurors . heard him through hours of video recordings of interviews with . investigators and mental health experts. In one interview, Neuman was asked if he thinks he's the biological father of Sneiderman's two children. 'I don't know. I don't know. I don't . know,' he said. 'I feel like these are my children. I feel like I need . to be there for them. I feel like I need to raise them and I need to . protect them. But I don't know.' Neuman's attorneys tried to portray . their client as a brilliant but troubled child who was constantly in . fear of his father, a Holocaust survivor wracked with guilt because he . was able to escape the death chambers at Auschwitz while many relatives . died. Born in Mexico, Neuman was sent to a . boarding school in Israel and still suffers from fear of being . abandoned, his attorneys said. He later landed the GE job that allowed him to buy a pricey home in an upscale Atlanta suburb. Neuman first tried to kill his rival . in November 10, 2010, when he camped outside the Sneiderman house with a . gun he recently purchased and waited to attack, prosecutors said. But he bolted after Russell Sneiderman noticed an intruder on his property and called police. Eight days later, prosecutors said, . Neuman arrived at his office much earlier than usual — at 5:36am — then . sneaked out a back door to avoid security cameras and to give himself an . alibi. Days later, Neuman went to Russell . Sneiderman's funeral and even visited Andrea Sneiderman's house for a . Jewish mourning ceremony, prosecutors said.	Hemy Neuman found guilty of gunning down co-worker's husband Russell Sneiderman in 2010 . Neuman claims angel resembling Olivia Newton-John told him Sneiderman's children were his . Judge says criminal charges could follow for Andrea Sneiderman, who may have encouraged Neuman .
(CNN) -- It's a rapidly spreading pop culture phenomenon, fueled by the Internet. Korean pop music or K-pop, is one of the most notable exports to come out of South Korea in the past decade. Korea's content watchdogs say K-pop exports grew nearly 50 percent from 2011 to 2012, grossing an estimated $290 million last year. Earlier this year, nine-member K-Pop dance group Girls' Generation beat Justin Bieber, Miley Cyrus and Lady Gaga for "Video of the Year" at the 2013 YouTube Music Awards in early November. The girl group is making waves as part of South Korea's young generation of pop stars rising up through the international ranks. K-pop concerts sell out in minutes. They raise television ratings, and their branding can get teens, and even some adults to buy just about anything. But it is not without incredible amounts of training. Most idols train for years in singing, dancing, acting and learning Asian languages before they are even allowed to debut their first song. Mike Suh, head of strategy and global business at entertainment conglomerate CJ E&M, says idols go through a long training period "so that they immediately attract fans when they first appear." That phenomenon was on display at the 2013 Mnet Asian Music Awards (MAMA for short) in Hong Kong, organized by CJ E&M, where some of South Korea's biggest idol groups Girls' Generation, BIGBANG, EXO, 2NE1 and Sistar held court. Tickets for the 10,000 seats were sold out within an hour of going on sale and nearly 13 million people signed onto MAMA's website to vote for their favorite idols. MAMA also showcased notable guests from the international music scene including Hong Kong singer/actor Aaron Kwok, Norway's Ylvis, Sweden's Icona Pop and American legend Stevie Wonder. Self-proclaimed K-Pop fan Paris Hilton also made an appearance. New pop . One of the more unique acts to go onstage was helmet-donning girl group Crayon Pop, which took home "Best New Female Artist" at the event. The comic act shot to fame when their music video "Bar Bar Bar" went viral earlier this year. At a backstage interview at MAMA, the five girls bowed politely, but were extremely careful of their actions. Showing how closely monitored they are, their manager was on high alert, often signaling to them about what they should and should not say. The practice is common among many idol groups, as any slip of the tongue can immediately damage their careers. In 2012, seven-member idol group Block B made comments in an interview about the tragic flooding in Thailand that some fans viewed as disrespectful and offensive. After a public outcry, the group issued many apologies but it wasn't enough. There were reports of music stations restricting them from appearing on its programs. Many netizens reportedly demanded their disbandment; some going as far as calling for the members to commit suicide. Former 2PM leader Jay Park also sparked public outrage after netizens found old posts on his social media site about his dislike for South Korea. The Korean-American was soon dropped from the idol group. Surveillance . Every action of an idol is monitored by their agency -- even romance can be prohibited by a clause in their contract. Singer Choi Dong-wook, known by his stage name Se7en, told a Korean talk show he saw his fan club instantly drop by about 100,000 members when he announced he had a girlfriend. Scandals can also have financial consequences. After BIGBANG leader G-Dragon tested positive for marijuana use in 2011, the group's management company YG Entertainment reduced the size of its IPO by around 10 percent. Multicultural reach . At MAMA, fans speaking Mandarin, Nepali, Tagalog and Japanese among other languages stood in the waiting areas, staring wide-eyed as the music videos of idols played over and over on the screens. The audience members knew everything about their idols -- writing down everything they said and did. It's dedication like this that keeps the K-Pop phenomenon going, and in return, artists give back forms of "fan service". Newer debuts like Crayon Pop appeal to fans by physically appearing before them at so-called "high touch" events -- more personal, face-to-face meetings that allow them to have direct interaction. "At these events, we shake hands with fans and get their advice on what they'd like to see," said Crayon Pop member Cho-A. Acts also use social media as a constant window to keep fans' attention. Crayon Pop has a YouTube channel where fans can watch videos of their everyday lives -- shot and edited by their agency. The channel currently has more than 157,000 subscribers. Disconnect . Some fans, however, believe that despite these methods, the artists come off as unapproachable and distant. Fans say they want more of their idols, and they're not getting it beyond the tightly controlled images and videos. Dorothy Advincula, an assistant editor at the Korean entertainment news site Kpopstarz, calls this K-Pop's "economics of scarcity," a method agencies use to try to keep the ball in their court. "Artist agencies make it difficult for idols to relate to their fans beyond the stage performance. So the littlest sighting, the slightest glimpse with a photo or any kind of evidence becomes a sort of trophy," she said. Advincula points to the social media presence as a veil. "While it's not unique to K-Pop, the response is different because there can be a disconnect on how idols and fans actually interact... while in mainstream, there is a certain consistency." "I think we've come a point of no-return where because of these bite-sized contacts... naturally fans get a bit greedier and demand something more."	South Korean pop earned estimated $290 million last year . Pop groups go through years of training before their debut . They are carefully managed to avoid any hint of scandal .
By . Ben Spencer . They are only a few inches tall, but these two wild crane chicks come with very high hopes. The pair of hatchlings are the first new generation of wild cranes seen in western Britain in 400 years. It is a huge success for conservationists after sustained efforts to reintroduce UK’s tallest birds to their wetland habitats. Chicks: This pair of hatchlings are the first new generation of wild cranes seen in western Britain in 400 years . The wild crane, which stands four feet tall, was once commonplace in the south-west. But the bird was considered a vital part of the medieval banquet table - and cranes were hunted to extinction by the 1600s. The two chicks hatched at the Wildfowl and Wetlands Trust Slimbridge reserve in Gloucestershire. Parent birds Chris and Monty, which were hand-reared as part of the Great Crane Project reintroduction scheme, tried to breed last year but a chick died in bad weather before leaving the nest. Hello, mum! The chicks hatched at the Wildfowl and Wetlands Trust Slimbridge reserve in Gloucestershire. Above, one of the hatchlings with its mother . This year two healthy chicks have been spotted on their first walk away from the nest, as their parents fed them on grubs. So far they have stayed close to the nest site, which indicates there is plenty of food around for them. That is encouraging for the youngsters as cranes usually hatch two chicks but one will perish if food is scarce. Nigel Jarrett, the trust’s head of conservation breeding, said the chick’s arrival was incredibly exciting. Pleased: TV naturalist Stephen Moss described the chicks' arrival as 'a wonderful story' He hopes it will be part of a new generation of wild cranes. ‘There’s been an overwhelmingly positive response to the return of the cranes from people across the west of Britain,’ he said. ‘They are a fantastic advert for restoring wetland habitats.’ Some cranes have regained a foothold in East Anglia and nearly 80 have been reintroduced to western Britain in the past four years. They have been a strong draw for visitors to Gloucestershire, where volunteers have dressed in crane costumes to hand rear chicks. TV naturalist Stephen Moss said: ‘It is a wonderful story. They started reintroducing cranes to Slimbridge four years ago, bringing them over from Germany. ‘They were hand raised and then released on the Somerset Levels. But quite bizarrely they have flown back to Slimbridge to breed, back to the place they were raised. They must have some kind of homing signal.’ Mr Jarrett first spotted the chick on a webcam trained on the nest. He said: ‘It’s incredibly exciting to be on the cusp of a new generation of totally wild cranes that will hopefully start to recolonise parts of Britain that haven’t seen cranes for four centuries. ‘The chick hatching last year confirmed that the cranes we hand-reared were physically able to breed. ‘This year we’ve got everything crossed that everything goes in their favour and they can rear this chick.’ Damon Bridge of the RSPB added: ‘The young cranes are learning and adapting to their new home in the UK and are still searching for suitable sites to successfully rear their young.’ In 1215, Henry III (pictured) and his guests ate an incredible 115 cranes at his Christmas feast in York . Wild cranes are Britain’s tallest bird, standing four feet tall and with an eight-foot wing span. They . were once common in Britain, but they were driven to extinction by . hunters catching them for their meat and the draining of their wetlands . habitats. Before the birds completely disappeared hunting cranes . became the preserve of the nobility and a tax was put on the collection . of their eggs. In 1215, Henry III and his guests ate an . incredible 115 cranes at his Christmas feast in York, alongside an array . of bitterns and ducks, and during a feast to enthrone Archbishop . Neville in the fifteenth century, the guests consumed 204 birds. Hundreds . of towns and villages in the UK have the element ‘cran’ in their name - . such as Cranford, Cranbrook and Cranmore - because they were known for . having large populations of cranes. Scientists believe crane . footprints found in the Severn Estuary suggest they were breeding in . large numbers in Britain as far back as the Mesolithic era – around . 11,000 years ago. The oldest ever crane was a Siberian Crane . named Wolf who died at the ripe old age of 83, according to the Guinness . Book of World Records. Most cranes live to 20 years. In Japan, . the crane is regarded as a symbol of good fortune and longevity because . of its fabled life span of a thousand years. It also represents fidelity . as Japanese cranes are known to mate for life.	Hatchlings were born at Wildfowl and Wetlands Trust Slimbridge reserve . First new generation of wild cranes seen in western Britain in 400 years . Wild crane was once commonplace, but hunted to extinction by 1600s .
10 years on: Why Arsenal were the greatest Premier League side . Click here to read more about Celtic defender Virgil van Dijk . An air of trepidation descends upon Arsenal at Annual General Meeting time. Manager Arsene Wenger, majority shareholder Stan Kroenke and chief executive Ivan Gazidis all sat on the top table, perched like sitting ducks, waiting for one disgruntled shareholder or supporter to unleash his or her wrath. They needn’t have worried this time, though, as Thursday's AGM passed without serious incident. Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger attended the Annual General Meeting on Thursday with several shareholders . The AGM was quiet and on the whole calm, perhaps due to Arsenal ending their trophy draught last season . Wenger celebrates at the FA Cup winners' parade after his side's triumph at Wembley . ARSENAL v HULL . Kick-off: 3pm at the Emirates. Arsenal should be looking forward to playing Steve Bruce’s men. In their last 12 Premier League visits to the capital, Hull have lost nine times and won just once. The good news for Hull fans? That win came this season at QPR. There was no repeat of 2012’s angry affair when fans vented their fury at Gazidis and Kroenke before Wenger emerged as the club’s hero once more with a rousing call to arms. Of course, last season’s euphoric FA Cup win has helped placate some supporters; no longer did they have the club’s near 10-year trophy drought to use as a battering ram on such occasions. There are those who believe a solitary trophy since 2005 still isn’t good enough for a club of Arsenal’s stature. However, but for one awkward question from an unhappy supporter asking Wenger why he failed to sign a new central defender during the summer transfer window, even Wenger’s biggest critics were far from vocal on Thursday. Things, however, aren’t quite so serene at the club’s medical department back at their London Colney HQ. Arsenal have nine first-team players unavailable for Saturday's clash against Hull City. Wenger’s biggest concern is in defence, with Laurent Koscielny (achilles), Mathieu Debuchy (ankle) and Calum Chambers (suspended) all unavailable for the repeat of last year’s FA Cup final. Virgil van Dijk is once again being tipped for a move to north London but any deal for the Celtic defender will have to wait until January. Laurent Koscielny will miss the Hull game with an achilles problem, but Wenger says he doesn't need surgery . Koscielny’s long-term fitness is a major concern. His injury is a long-standing problem which has deteriorated in recent weeks. ‘It has got worse, he finds it difficult to play with at the moment,’ said Wenger, who insisted the France international does not require surgery. ‘If you wait for it to be better, it can be a short time. If you want to get rid of it completely, it is long term. We will monitor him and as soon as he can take enough pain again he will play.’ The fear is Koscielny’s injury could manifest into a problem that could see him miss months rather than weeks, leaving Wenger with the dilemma of whether to hand Koscielny an extended break or continue playing him and risk aggravating the injury further. Koscielny’s absence means Wenger is almost certain to use left back Nacho Monreal as a makeshift central defender alongside Per Mertesacker against Hull in a back four that could also consist of rookie right back Hector Bellerin and Kieran Gibbs. Arsenal’s lack of central defensive options merely gave weight to shareholder Nigel Payne’s question about why Wenger failed to sign a new defender following the exit of Thomas Vermaelen to Barcelona. Given the opportunity to answer Mr Payne’s query by chairman Sir Chips Keswick, the Arsenal manager declined, much to the fan’s anger. ‘That was a disgrace. I asked a question which every Arsenal fan I know feels so strongly about, which is why we went into this season with a very vulnerable defence,’ said Mr Payne. ‘I wanted to know if funds were available to strengthen the defence. The chairman said they always backed the manager. He offered Arsene Wenger the chance to respond and he didn’t.’ Nacho Monreal (pictured chasing Mathieu Flamini) could fill in at centre back this weekend . Thomas Vermaelen signed for Barcelona in the summer and Arsenal are yet to find a replacement . Virgil van Dijk could be on his way to Arsenal in January as the Celtic defender has impressed . However, Wenger did explain how he plans to solve the club’s defender shortage in 2015. Speaking at the start of the meeting, Wenger explained: ‘I agree we could have bought one more player but we didn’t find one. ‘But we will try in January to rectify that because we are a bit short because of the injuries we’ve had.’ Van Dijk is the leading candidate to fill the void. Scouts have made regular checks on the former Holland Under 21 centre half, who was called into the senior squad for the first time last month, and Sportsmail understands the club failed in a £7million deadline-day attempt to land the 23-year-old. The club, however, maintain an interest in Van Dijk and are primed to return for the Dutchman once the transfer window re-opens. Hopefully, that will calm Mr Payne’s angst. The big-money captures of Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez over the past 14 months have helped dispel the theory from some supporters that the club’s board are happy to sit on vast cash reserves. Around £25m will be made available to Wenger in January to help strengthen the squad. But Gazidis, often the man left facing the brunt of hardline questioning at recent AGMs, sought to obliterate the notion that the club are holding back in the transfer market. ‘Inaccurate and superficial analysis leads to stories that we are hoarding a huge cash balance. That is simply not the case,’ insisted the club’s chief executive. ‘It’s quite untrue to suggest that the club is sitting on a huge cash pile which, for some unspecified reason, it refuses to use.’ Wenger will hope the remainder of the season is as smooth as the AGM. Van Dijk (left) challenges fellow defender Mikael Lustig at Celtic training as boss Ronny Deila (right) looks on . Virgil van Dijk is a 23-year-old Dutch centre back who plays his football for Celtic. He’s been extensively scouted by a host of top English clubs. What’s his pedigree? He came through the ranks at Willem II in Holland before moving to Groningen as a teenager, where he played in the same side as Southampton’s Dusan Tadic. He has played for the Dutch Under 19 and Under 21 sides and in 2013 he moved to Celtic for £2.6million. What kind of player is he? He’s 6ft 4in, so it’s no surprise to hear that he’s strong in the air. But he’s composed on the ball too. He’s particularly strong in one-on-one situations. What else would we look out for? For a defender, he’s not exactly goal-shy. He’s already scored twice this season and last year hit one of the goals of the season in the Scottish Premiership, dribbling from inside his own half to score against St Johnstone. Can he cut it at the top? Yes, at least according to Giovanni van Bronckhorst. The former Dutch star says Van Dijk can potentially be ‘the best central defender in Europe in the next few years.’ Van Dijk's career path . Groningen (2010-2013) Games 62 Goals 7 . Celtic (2013-present) Games 42 Goals 5 . Ivan Gazidis says claims that Arsenal are sitting on a huge 'cash pile' are 'quite untrue' THEO WALCOTT . Injury: Knee . Out for? Just back in training . Theo Walcott has been out since January but should return to competitive action soon . AARON RAMSEY . Injury: Hamstring . Out for? In training on Monday . Arsenal received a boost with Aaron Ramsey set to return to training on Monday . YAYA SANOGO . Injury: Hamstring . Out for? In training next week . Yaya Sanogo is out of action with a hamstring complaint but is also set to rejoin training . MATHIEU DEBUCHY . Injury: Ankle . Out for? Eight weeks . Mathieu Debuchy started his Arsenal career well but fell awkwardly on his ankle against Manchester City . LAURENT KOSCIELNY . Injury: Achilles . Out for? Unspecified . OLIVIER GIROUD . Injury: Ankle . Out for? Eight weeks . Olivier Giroud's ankle injury (against Everton) lead to Wenger signing Danny Welbeck on deadline day . SERGE GNABRY . Injury: Knee . Out for? Just back in training . Talented youngster Serge Gnabry is back in training after suffering with a knee injury . DAVID OSPINA . Injury: Thigh . Out for? Unspecified . David Ospina has only played for Arsenal twice but is already missing with a thigh problem . AND THIS ONE IS BANNED... CALUM CHAMBERS . Returns next week . Young defender Calum Chambers is unavailable for the game against Hull due to a suspension . VIDEO Wenger to search for defensive cover .	Annual General Meeting took place at the Emirates Stadium on Thursday . Ivan Gazidis denies that Arsenal are sitting on a 'cash pile' Arsene Wenger says they will look to buy in January, possibly a defender . Sportsmail understands Virgil van Dijk was subject of deadline day bid . Arsenal could return for Celtic star, with several key players out .
Legendary professional football coach and ESPN analyst Mike Ditka is recovering from a stroke he suffered Friday, the sports network said. Ditka, 73, will not be on ESPN's football shows this weekend, the network said. But Ditka "wanted everyone to know he's OK," ESPN senior coordinating producer Seth Markman said via Twitter. "I feel good right now and it's not a big deal," Ditka told the Chicago Tribune. Ditka was playing cards at a country club when he found his hands "weren't working quite right." He then had problems speaking, the newspaper reported. ESPN says it expects the coach to return to broadcasts soon. Ditka is a Pro Football Hall of Famer and Super Bowl winning coach who has been with ESPN since 2004. He is only the second person to win the Super Bowl as a player, assistant coach and head coach, according to a biography by the speaker's bureau that represents him.	NFL legend Mike Ditka suffered a stroke on Friday . "I feel good right now and it's not a big deal," he tells the  Chicago Tribune . ESPN expects Super Bowl winner to return to broadcasts soon .
By . Mike Dawes . Great Britain's Jordanne Whiley won her first Wimbledon title as she and wheelchair women's doubles partner Yui Kamiji closed in on a calendar Grand Slam of all four majors. The 22-year-old from Halesowen and 20-year-old Japanese player Kamiji were 2-6 6-2 7-5 winners on Court 17 against the Dutch pairing of Jiske Griffioen and Aniek van Koot. Winners: Jordanne Whiley of Great Britain (left) and Yui Kamiji of Japan won Ladies' Wheelchair Doubles . Closing in: Whiley says 'there's pressure now because we're three-quarters of the way to a Grand Slam' Whiley and Kamiji have already won the Australian Open and French Open titles this year and will head to New York in September aiming to add the US Open to complete a sweep of the slams. From 5-3 in front in the deciding set, Whiley and Kamiji dropped their next service game to put the set back on serve, but they seized a further break in going on to clinch the trophy, earning shared prize money of £12,000.	Whiley wins first Wimbledon title with partner Yui Kamiji . The pair close in on calendar Grand Slam after three-set victory .
By . Toby Harnden . PUBLISHED: . 12:59 EST, 13 August 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 16:07 EST, 13 August 2012 . Democrats are claiming that America’s elderly will have to choose ‘between medicine and meals’ if Mitt Romney and his running mate Paul Ryan unseat President Barack Obama in November. The emotive message, which is also pushed in a new Obama campaign internet ad, is designed to paint Ryan, who has tabled proposals for reforming the Medicare programme for the elderly, as a callous extremist. Debbie Wasserman Shultz, chair of the Democratic National Committee, told CNN that electing Romney and Ryan would ‘force us back to the days’ when seniors were ‘choosing between medicine and meals…choosing between healthcare and paying their rent’. Scroll down for videos . Dramatic: Debbie Wasserman Shultz (left) defended Obama (right), saying that electing Romney and Ryan would force seniors to ‘choose between medicine and meals' The rush to define the Republican . congressman from Wisconsin could be decisive in Florida, a virtual . must-win swing state for Romney and home to 3.3 million senior citizens . who vote in disproportionately high numbers. Wasserman Schultz, a Florida congresswoman, denied she was being dramatic. ‘If you go back to before Medicare was a safety net in place for our seniors, you had seniors who were not able to pay for their own health care needs, whose children went medically bankrupt trying to care for them.’ The charge is based on Ryan’s budget reform plan that would gradually increase the Medicare eligibility age to 67, starting in 2023, and replace the current system with one based on vouchers. Truth team: The advert features Florida residents discussing what they think of Romney and Ryan . This means that the plan, designed to . be a long-term way of reducing America’s almost $16 trillion national . debt, would affect no one currently aged 55 or over. Ryan . has said that those approaching retirement have planned their lives . around Medicare in its current form and it would therefore be unfair to . change the plan. But the Obama campaign is clearly implying that if Romney is elected then the Medicare programme will be jettisoned. In . a web ad sure to be followed by a television blitz, the Obama campaign . presented a number of older Floridians bemoaning what they said was . Ryan’s plan to end Medicare and makes the same claim Wasserman Schultz . made. Controversial: The ad is an only slightly subtler version of one released last year in which a man resembling Ryan pushes an old lady in a wheelchair over a cliff . This means that the plan, designed to . be a long-term way of reducing America’s almost $16 trillion national . debt, would affect no one currently aged 55 or over. Ryan . has said that those approaching retirement have planned their lives . around Medicare in its current form and it would therefore be unfair to . change the plan. But the Obama campaign is clearly implying that if Romney is elected then the Medicare programme will be jettisoned. The ad is an only slightly subtler . version of one produced by the liberal Agenda Project last year. In it, a . slim, dark-suited man resembling Ryan pushes an old lady in a . wheelchair to a rocky ledge and tips her over it so she plunges to her . death. At the end, the ad . asks ‘Is America Beautiful without Medicare?’ and gives out the phone . number of Ryan’s office, urging voters to ‘ask Paul Ryan and his friends . in Congress’. The ad ran in Ohio, Florida, Colorado and Ryan’s home . state Wisconsin. Fighting: The ad attacks US Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney (right) and his vice presidential running mate Paul Ryan (left) In their first joint interview, with CBS News, Romney and Ryan defends their stance on Medicare. Ryan said: ‘My mom is a Medicare senior in Florida. ‘Our point is we need to preserve their benefits, because government made promises to them that they've organised their retirements around. In order to make sure we can do that, you must reform it for those of us who are younger. And we think these reforms are good reforms.’ Romney said: ‘There's only one president that I know of in history that robbed Medicare, $716 billion to pay for a new risky program of his own that we call Obamacare. ‘What Paul Ryan and I have talked about is saving Medicare, is providing people greater choice in Medicare, making sure it's there for current seniors. No changes, by the way, for current seniors, or those nearing retirement. Battle: Romney's campaign has released ads criticising Obama . But looking for young people down the road and saying, “We're going to give you a bigger choice”. In America, the nature of this country has been giving people more freedom, more choices. That's how we make Medicare work down the road.’ Wasserman Schultz said that she had not one but two parents living in Florida and on Medicare. ‘Both my parents are on Medicare and live in Florida too and I can tell you that my parents and hundreds of thousands of seniors that I represent are deeply concerned that Paul Ryan and Mitt Romney want to turn Medicare into a voucher programme.’ Medicare, she said, was ‘a guarantee for seniors that there is going to be a safety net through which we’re not going to allow them to fall’. Romney and Ryan had ‘embraced ending that guarantee – Paul Ryan’s the architect of ending it’. Watch the videos here: .	Designed to paint Ryan as a callous extremist . Implys that if Romney is elected Medicare programmed would be jettisoned . Voting for for Ryan would force seniors to 'choose between medicine and meals' Debbie Wasserman Shultz said .
(CNN) -- A Brazilian cameraman died in a Rio de Janeiro slum while covering a police raid targeting organized drug militias, police said Sunday. Gelson Domingos da Silva, 46, worked for Band TV, a CNN affiliate. He was filming a large-scale incursion by a Brazilian Special Operations Unit (BOPE) into a "favela," the Portuguese word for shantytown, or slum, when he was shot in the chest, Rio de Janeiro police said in a statement. "The Military Police deeply regrets the death of cameraman, Gelson Domingos da Silva, while expressing the most sincere sympathy to the family and all media professionals," police said. According to a Band TV press release, da Silva was covering the operation in the Antares favela, west of Rio, as an "embedded" photographer with Rio police. Da Silva was wearing a bullet-proof vest certified by the Brazilian Armed Forces, often used by Band employees during these types of assignments, Band TV said. He was taken to a local emergency hospital but did not survive the gunshot wounds, Band TV reported. Rio de Janeiro police said the operation began early Sunday morning after intelligence reports indicated that drug lords and heavily armed groups were gathering at that site. Police said four alleged drug dealers were killed in the operation, and weapons and drugs were seized. Dramatic images of da Silva's last moments are being shown in Brazilian media, reminding Brazilians of how dangerous it has become for journalists to cover the drug war. The Committee to Protect Journalists has "documented an alarming rise in lethal violence (against journalists) in Brazil in 2011," the group said on its website. "Four other Brazilian journalists have been killed this year, and a blogger shot and wounded," CPJ reported. "While Brazilian authorities have had success in prosecuting journalist murders, winning several convictions in recent years, the country still sees persistent anti-press violence. The October 2010 murder of a muckraking radio reporter became the country's fifth unsolved case in the past decade," CPJ reported. CNN's Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	A Brazilian cameraman died while filming a gun battle between police and alleged drug dealers . Police launched a massive operation in a slum in Rio de Janeiro . CPJ: There's been an increase in violence against journalists in Brazil .
The one billionth download of a digital single in the UK took place last night. According to the Official Charts Company, the UK reached the milestone thanks to artists such as Adele and Maroon 5. The company's figures show that Adele's Someone Like You is the most downloaded track ever in the UK - it has been downloaded 1.46 million times. Adele's Someone Like You is the most downloaded song ever in the UK - it has been downloaded 1.46 million times . Official Charts Company managing director, Martin Talbot, says that 16 tracks have now been downloaded more than a million times . 1. Someone Like You - Adele . 2. Moves Like Jagger - Maroon 5 feat. Christina Aguilera . 3. Somebody That I Used To Know - Gotye feat. Kimbra . 4. I Gotta Feeling - Black Eyed Peas . 5. We Found Love - Rihanna feat. Calvin Harris . 6. Sex On Fire - Kings of Leon . 7. Call Me Maybe - Carly Rae Jepsen . 8. Party Rock Anthem - LMFAO feat. Lauren Bennett and GoonRock . 9. Just The Way You Are (Amazing) - Bruno Mars . 10. Price Tag - Jessie J . Maroon 5 featuring Christina Aguilera with Moves Like Jagger is the second most downloaded song ever in the UK - it has been downloaded 1.4 million times. Gotye featuring Kimbra with Somebody That I used To Know is the third most downloaded track in the UK - 1.38 million downloads - and the Black Eyed Peas’ I Gotta Feeling is fourth with 1.34 million downloads. We Found Love by Rihanna featuring Calvin Harris, Sex on Fire by Kings of Leon, Call Me Maybe by Carly Rae Jepsen, and Price Tag by Jessie J also made the top ten. As did Just The Way You Are (Amazing) by Bruno Mars and Party Rock Anthem by LMFAO featuring Lauren Bennett and GoonRock. Downloading took off in a big way in 2004, the same year that a separate sales chart was launched, and figures went on to be included in the main singles chart the following year. More than three million singles are now downloaded each week in the UK. Chief executive of the British Phonographic Industry, Geoff Taylor, said: ‘The digital music revolution has made it easy to buy any song you like, instantly, for half the price of a coffee. Downloading took off in a big way in 2004 and now more than three million singles are downloaded each week in the UK . ‘As fans increasingly download music on the move, tablets, smartphones and connected cars will drive another phase in digital music's expansion.’ Official Charts Company managing director, Martin Talbot, added: ‘The explosion in download sales over the past nine years means we are genuinely now living in the digital music age - with Adele as our queen. ‘Over the nine years of legitimate digital music, more than 16 new tracks have sold one million copies, which emphasises just how popular digital music is in the modern age.’ Official Charts Company managing director, Martin Talbot, says that 16 tracks have now been downloaded more than a million times .	The one billionth download of a digital single in the UK took place last night . The most downloaded track ever in the UK is Adele's Someone Like You . Second is Maroon 5 featuring Christina Aguilera with Moves Like Jagger .
Fashionable anti-cancer superfoods and supplements do not prevent the disease and may even cause it, according to a scientist who helped discover the structure of DNA. James Watson said the cure for many cancers will remain elusive unless scientists rethink the role of antioxidants, which include vitamin pills and food such as blueberries and broccoli. It is widely believed they boost health and fight cancer by mopping up oxygen molecules called free radicals. But Dr Watson argues these may be key to preventing and treating cancer – and depleting the body of them may be counter-productive. Counter productive? It is widely believed foods such as blueberries, left, and broccoli, right, help boost health and fight cancer by mopping up oxygen molecules called free radicals . Free radicals not only help keep diseased cells under control, they are also pivotal in making many cancer drugs, as well as radiotherapy, effective, he believes. Writing in a journal published by the Royal Society, the 84-year-old Nobel laureate stated that antioxidants ‘may have caused more cancers than they have prevented’. ‘For as long as I have been focused on the curing of cancer, well-intentioned individuals have been consuming antioxidative nutritional supplements as cancer preventatives, if not actual therapies,’ he said. ‘In light of recent data strongly hinting that much of late-stage cancer’s untreatability may arise from its possession of too many antioxidants, the time has come to seriously ask whether antioxidant use much more likely causes than prevents cancer.’ He said a vast number of studies had found antioxidants including vitamins A, C and E and the mineral selenium, to have ‘no obvious effectiveness’ in preventing stomach cancer or in lengthening life. Instead, they seem to slightly shorten the lives of those who take them, and vitamin E may be particularly dangerous. The American, who describes his theory as among his most important work since the DNA breakthrough with British colleague Francis Crick in 1953, said blueberries may taste good but give no protection against cancer. The study by Dr Watson,  based at the Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory in New York, is published in the journal Open Biology. He has caused uproar in the past with his opinions on race, intelligence, beauty and homosexuality. Professor Nic Jones, of Cancer Research UK, agreed that studies showed antioxidants were ineffective for cancer prevention in healthy people and can even slightly increase the risk of the disease. He said vitamins and minerals should be obtained through a healthy and balanced diet.	It is widely believed that superfoods like blueberries and broccoli help fight cancer by defending against oxygen molecules called free radicals . Dr James Watson has now said such free radicals may be key to preventing and treating cancer . The 84-year-old Nobel laureate has said antioxidants 'may have caused more cancers than they have prevented'
This shocking CCTV footage shows a callous owner punching his dog in the head four times. The RSPCA, who released the clip, are hunting the man after the incident in Norwich earlier this month. The video shows the dog sitting on the pavement before his owner approaches and bends, appearing to secure a lead on his pet's collar. He then suddenly launches into the vicious attack, punching the dog 'with considerable force' four times - before calming crossing the road. Scroll down for video . The shocking CCTV footage caught a callous owner punching his dog in the head 'with considerable force' The clip shows the man approach the dog and appear to secure a lead, before punching the animal four times . RSPCA inspector Laura Sayer said: 'You can clearly see the dog being punched in the head with some considerable force, several times. 'The dog shows clear signs of fear and we are very concerned about his or her welfare.' The incident happened in Jex Road, Norwich, at about 1.30pm on February 9. The dog was wondering loose and the man can be seen reaching down to put a lead on the collar before launching the attack. The charity does not know the dog's breed, but think it is a bull-type with white markings on the front leg and chest. Anyone with information should contact the RSPCA on 0300 123 8018. The dog's breed is unknown, but the RSPCA thinks it's a bull-type with markings on the front leg and chest . The RSPCA, who released the clip, are hunting the man as they are 'very concerned' about the dog's welfare .	Animal protection officers are hunting the man after incident in Norwich . Owners is seen repeatedly punching his dog 'with considerable force' It happened in Jex Road, Norwich, at about 1.30pm on February 9 . Anyone with information should contact the RSPCA on 0300 123 8018 .
Winter was coming, but for many HBO Go users, it didn't arrive Sunday night as expected. A rush of viewers onto the cable network's mobile streaming app for the season premiere of "Game of Thrones" caused it to crash, making it inaccessible for many. "HBO Go did experience issues due to overwhelming demand around the premiere of Game of Thrones," the network said in a statement. HBO is a subsidiary of Time Warner, which also owns CNN. The Internet, as might be expected, was less than thrilled. "You had one job, HBO Go ... ," wrote M.G. Siegler, a partner at Google Ventures, in a series of tweets that included an image of his screen with the persistent "Accessing HBO Go" message. It's the second time in less than a month that the app has been clobbered by heavy demand. The March 9 finale of HBO's "True Detective" saw lots of users similarly denied access. Sunday night's problems were cleared up by 1 a.m. ET Monday -- or about the time "Game of Thrones" was finishing up on the West Coast. "Thanks for your patience #GOT fans. The service is now restored," HBO posted on its Twitter account for HBO Go. While much of the social-media outcry involved Red Wedding-worthy wailing, some folks were joking about another issue that's widely suspected but hard to quantify. "So, like, at least 90 percent of the people trying to watch HBO GO instead of watching GOT on TV are using somebody else's login, right?" tweeted Linda Holmes, a writer for NPR's pop culture blog, Monkey See. Walter Hickey, a lifestyle writer for FiveThirtyEight, joked -- we think -- about that very thing. "Hey, come on HBO Go," he wrote, "one of my roommate's parents [grandparents?] are paying good money for this."	HBO Go crashed for many during Sunday's "Game of Thrones" season premiere . Service was restored by early Monday morning . Some speculated that nonsubscribers were part of the problem .
(CNN) -- Few television specials capture the magic and fun of Halloween like the animated classic "It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown." In case it's been awhile, the 45-year-old hit follows Linus' quest to connect with the Great Pumpkin, a Santa-like gift-giver, in spite of everyone's biting disbelief. Meanwhile, like a little Rodney Dangerfield, Charlie Brown gets a lot more disrespect and more tricks than treats like only he can. As it has for the past 10 years, ABC will be broadcasting "It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown" at 8 p.m. Thursday October 27, making it just one of the tasty treats couch potatoes can anticipate. But all the offerings aren't cute and cuddly and for those looking for chills, there are a handful of scary choices that will have you screaming up a storm. Read on for more titles: . 'Truth or Scare' (Halloween marathon 3-7 p.m. Friday, October 28; repeating 1-3 p.m. Monday, October 31, The Hub): . Host Michelle Trachtenberg ("Buffy the Vampire Slayer") goes deep to explore haunted houses, mythical beasts, and ancient legends around the globe in a scary bunch of "Truth or Scare" episodes that will delight the whole family. 'Halloween H2O: 20 Years Later' (8 p.m. Friday, October 28, AMC): . Get ready to scream when Michael Myers and Laurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curtis) return for the series' seventh installment. The 1998 film is a part of AMC's annual "Fearfest." The festival of screams includes the third installment of "The Walking Dead" airing 9 p.m. Sunday, October 30. In it, a mob of hungry zombies continues to trap poor Shane (Jon Bernthal) in a school . 'Grimm' (debuts 9 p.m. Friday October 28, NBC): . Detective Nick Burkhardt (David Giuntoli, "Turn The Beat Around") discovers he is a descendant of the Grimms, an elite line of profilers charged with keeping the balance between humanity and mythological creatures. In his first case, Nick must stop a big, bad wolf from killing girls in red. 'The Dead Files' (10 p.m. Friday October 28, Travel Channel): . Hosts Amy Allan and Steve Di Schiavi investigate a historic Florida hotel where the owners and guests have been tormented by frighteningly real visions. 'Possessing Piper Rose' (9 p.m. Saturday, October 29, Lifetime): . Rebecca Romijn ("Ugly Betty" and "X-Men") plays a woman who adopts a little girl. That's innocent enough, right? Too bad the little girl's deceased mom is a ghostly stalker. 'The Good Witch's Family' (9 p.m. Saturday October 29, Hallmark Channel): . Catherine Bell ("Army Wives" and "JAG") is back to charm more viewers. In the fourth installment of the Hallmark Channel's highest rated movie series, Cassandra (Bell) meets a woman who says she's a long lost relative. 'Bucket & Sinner's Epic Adventures' (9:30 p.m. Saturday, October 29, Nickelodeon): . In an episode titled "Epic Haunting," Bucket and Skinner's latest plan to achieve epic status has them spending the night in an infamously haunted house. 'The Simpsons' (8 p.m. Sunday, October 30, Fox): . Everyone's favorite animated family will kick off its 22nd annual "Treehouse of Horror" episode. The funny installment features three spine-chilling tales with sidesplitting nods to "The Diving Bell and Butterfly," "Avatar" and "Dexter." Expect equally creepy and fun episodes from "Family Guy" and "The Cleveland Show" later that night. 'The Sing Off' (8 p.m. Monday October 31, NBC): . The remaining a cappella groups continue to compete. But the haunted holiday twist has them singing spooky hits including "Werewolves of London" and "Ghostbusters." 'The Nate Berkus Show' (Monday, October 31, syndicated, check your local listings for times and stations): . Home guru Nate Berkus and HGTV's Dina Manzo, formerly of "The Real Housewives of New Jersey," create the ultimate Halloween table top in time for the holiday.	'It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown,' there is also scarie . "Halloween H2O: 20 Years Later" is just one of the offerings on TV . The festival of screams includes the third installment of "The Walking Dead"
By . Associated  Press Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 23:21 EST, 29 November 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 01:03 EST, 30 November 2013 . Two Fargo radio personalities who photographed the remains of western North Dakota's pioneer towns for a coffee table book discovered a surprise when they returned for volume two. Some of the 'ghost' towns had come back to life, thanks largely to the oil boom.One of the images that Troy Larson and Terry Hinnenkamp had hoped to capture for the second volume of 'Ghosts of North Dakota' was an abandoned church in Fortuna, near the borders of Montana and Saskatchewan. Circled: This photo provided by Terry Hinnenkamp shows an abandoned one-room school house in Clear Lake Township in Kidder County, North Dakota, featured in the book 'Ghosts of North Dakota Volume 2' Witching: Leann Pelvit searches for forgotten graves using an ancient method called 'witching' along the Dakota-Montana border to protect them from being disturbed in the explosion of development spurred by the region's oil boom . When they arrived, they found a recreational vehicle and semi-trailer parked in front of the building, ruling out a photo shoot. And then there's nearby Appam, which was featured in the first edition. The pair was surprised to find about 30 recreational vehicles and trailers set up behind a shelter belt that once guarded the town. 'We were shocked to see that some of the towns we photographed in 2005 or 2006 had people living there now,' Larson said. 'We always said it would be a happy day when we could say one of these towns turned the corner and starting coming back. We didn't expect it to happen like this.' New growth: A tree grows through a derelict vehicle near the old ghost town of Dore which has seen an economic and population turnaround with increased oil activity in the North Dakota region . Relic: This abandoned house photographed by Troy Larson for the book 'Ghosts of North Dakota Volume 2' is located near Barton, North Dakota, in the northern part of the state . Larson knows that the rebirth is temporary and might be the makings of future ghost town photos. 'If we're still above the ground, because Lord knows how long the boom will last out there, we fully intend to go back out there and photograph what is left,' Larson said. 'It would be a very different type of ghost town. What is a man camp going to look like when nobody is left? Will there even be a man camp?' Rebirth: The former school superintendent's house on the east side of Omemee, North Dakota, an area where nearly 150 people from 28 states, Canada, Australia and New Zealand have purchased property in this ghost town on auction sites like eBay . New boom: A donkey pump extracts  oil from the earth at an abandoned farm near the old ghost town of Dore, North Dakota, which  Dore has seen a rebirth with the booming oil activity in western North Dakota . The second edition is 88 pages and features towns such as Bantry, Barton and Bentley, along with Raleigh, Roseville and Roth. Larson's favorite photographs are one he took of a house in Sims, which is featured on the cover, and one by Hinnenkamp of a one-room schoolhouse in Clear Lake Township that is surrounded by rings of crops on a foggy morning. The Sims house: This abandoned house in Sims, North Dakota is featured on the cover of the book 'Ghosts of North Dakota Volume 2' which documents ghost towns throughout the state . 'There was no way we could have known there was going to be a crop circle around the school house or it was going to be all foggy and misty when we showed up there,' Larson said. 'It seemed like the shot was just presenting itself to us when we got there.' The first book has sold about 3,000 copies, Larson said, and the pair had to back-order more books to meet demand. That allowed them to finance the second volume, which is available on the group's website. 'Being able to do one book was more than we hoped for, to be honest,' Larson said. 'We're poor radio guys and never had the money to do a book. We were pleasantly surprised that we were successful and it all worked out.'	Troy Larson and Terry Hinnenkamp photographed abandoned towns for a coffee table book . They recently returned to create second volume of the book . Some of the towns that used to be abandoned now have people living in them .
(CNN Student News) -- September 9, 2011 . Download PDF map related to today's show: . • New York City; Shanksville, Pennsylvania; Arlington, Virginia . Click here to access the transcript of today's CNN Student News program. Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published.	The daily transcript is a written version of each day's CNN Student News program . Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary . Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News .
Security guards have clashed with asylum seekers on hunger strike at the Manus Island Detention Centre, refugee advocates say. The  reports come hours after new immigration minister Peter Dutton warned the situation at the camp is volatile, and urged protesters to stop harming themselves. Refugee Action Coalition (RAC) spokesman Ian Rintoul says about 300 asylum seekers are on a hunger strike, about 40 have stitched their lips together,four have swallowed detergent and three have swallowed razor blades. Security guards have clashed with asylum seekers on hunger strike at the Manus Island Detention Centre, refugee advocates say . According to the ABC, there were people standing outside the centre encouraging the behaviour and telling the protesters their actions would get them into Australia. The news site said they have videos from inside the detention centre showing what appeared to be two men being taken away on stretchers . Immigration Minister Peter Dutton said the asylum seekers should dismiss this advice as this will not get them in to Australia any faster. The reports come hours after new immigration minister Peter Dutton warned the situation at the camp is volatile, and urged protesters to stop harming themselves . Refugee Action Coalition (RAC) spokesman Ian Rintoul says about 300 asylum seekers are on a hunger strike, about 40 have stitched their lips together,four have swallowed detergent and three have swallowed razor blades . 'I'm very concerned that somehow people are conveying a message that through non-compliant behaviour, by refusing to take food or water that somehow that behaviour will change the outcome for those individual cases in terms of their desire to be settled in Australia,' he said. 'If people are acting on that advice they should dismiss that advice.' Ian Rintoul said guards entered the Delta compound about 4pm on Friday, with some asylum seekers reporting they had been attacked. According to the ABC , there were people standing outside the centre encouraging the behaviour and telling the protesters their actions would get them into Australia . The news site said they have videos from inside the detention centre showing what appeared to be two men being taken away on stretcher . The government has not commented on the claims. Mr Dutton earlier said he was confident appropriate action was being taken to deal with the circumstances on Manus Island as they unfolded. He said he was worried about developments over the last 24 hours. Ian Rintoul said guards entered the Delta compound about 4pm on Friday, with some asylum seekers reporting they had been attacked . Mr Dutton earlier said he was confident appropriate action was being taken to deal with the circumstances on Manus Island as they unfolded. He said he was worried about developments over the last 24 hours . Mr Dutton would not comment on individual cases, but said authorities were providing medical assistance and offers of support . 'I'm concerned about what I've learnt in the last hour or so. And the situation is volatile, there's no question about that,' Mr Dutton told reporters on the Gold Coast on Friday. It is the biggest protest at the centre since fatal riots in February last year. Mr Dutton would not comment on individual cases, but said authorities were providing medical assistance and offers of support. The protests began after the immigration department threatened to force 50 refugees to move to insecure accommodation at the Lorengau settlement on Manus, the RAC says . Mr Rintoul said PNG was not safe and its government had no political will to allow secure resettlement in PNG . The protests began after the immigration department threatened to force 50 refugees to move to insecure accommodation at the Lorengau settlement on Manus, the RAC says. Mr Rintoul said PNG was not safe and its government had no political will to allow secure resettlement in PNG. 'The government should call off the threat to forcibly move refugees on January 22,' he said. Mr Dutton said he wanted to make it clear that, even though he had taken over from Scott Morrison, the Australian government's position on border protection had not changed . No one who arrived by boat without a visa would be settled in Australia, he said . 'All the asylum seekers and refugees should be brought to Australia where their processing and resettlement can be guaranteed.' Mr Dutton said he wanted to make it clear that, even though he had taken over from Scott Morrison, the Australian government's position on border protection had not changed. No one who arrived by boat without a visa would be settled in Australia, he said. There were previous reports of unrest on the island in December after reports emerged that detainees were in protest over their disgusting living conditions . Of the 1200 detainees on the island, only 13 of them had been processed and given visas in the 17 months they had been there, leading to massive protests and brawls on Manus Island . 'That remains absolutely the case.' There were previous reports of unrest on the island in December after reports emerged that detainees were in protest over their disgusting living conditions. Of the 1200 detainees on the island, only 13 of them had been processed and given visas in the  17 months they had been there, leading to massive protests and brawls on Manus Island. It is believed that the 13 people who were granted a temporary visa are required to reapply annually and are expected to live off $46 a week, until they find a job.	Security guards have reportedly clashed with asylum seekers on Manus Island . The immigration minister has warned that the situation is volatile . 300 asylum seekers are on hunger strike . 40 protesters have sewn their lips together and . Four have swallowed detergent and three have swallowed razor blades .
(CNN) -- Photography-wise, you really can't go wrong in a national park or a big city. They "tend to be the best places to photograph," says Gary Arndt, a blogger and photographer who sold his house in 2007 and has been roaming the globe ever since. The Society of American Travel Writers named him 2014 Photographer of the Year, and he has already visited 25 countries this year. This week, Arndt will surpass mile 11,000 of this summer's North American odyssey. Arndt has picked more than 20 of the most photogenic spots he's visited to highlight on Pinterest. A selection is featured in the gallery above. Visually rich and undeniably gorgeous, these American destinations are ripe for photographers of all skill levels. "If you go to the Grand Canyon, it's pretty hard to screw up," Arndt said. Here are three tips from Arndt to get you started: . -- You don't have to be in the photo. "Everybody wants to have a picture of themself in front of something, no matter what that something is." The majority of the most interesting travel shots are not the proof-of-visit variety. -- Avoid shooting in the middle of the day. "You want to try to take your photos within say, two hours of sunrise or sunset," Arndt said. There are exceptions to every rule, but these hours tend to yield the best shots in most situations. -- A little familiarity with your camera goes a long way. You don't need to master every setting and the science behind it, but definitely "experiment a little bit before you go somewhere." Don't let technical difficulties get in the way of your chance to capture something truly spectacular. 50 states, 50 spots: Natural wonders .	Travel photographer shares his picks for the most photogenic spots in America . "If you go to the Grand Canyon, it's pretty hard to screw up," he says . Avoid shooting in the middle of the day for the best light, he suggests .
(CNN) -- By the time police officers reached the swimmer floating off a New Zealand beach, it was already too late: a large shark was biting the lifeless body. The attack took place off a popular beach west of Auckland on Wednesday afternoon, police said, as people gathered there to enjoy the summer sunshine. The victim was a man in his 40s. He was swimming 200 meters (220 yards) offshore near Muriwai Beach, about 25 kilometers (15 miles) from central Auckland when the 12-to-14-foot shark struck. "We saw him rolling around, there was blood everywhere on the water," Pio Mose, who was fishing nearby, told local broadcaster 3 News. Mose said he believed at least two other sharks had joined in the frenzy around the body after a few minutes. The shark that attacked the swimmer was a great white, according to Russell Clark, a paramedic from the Westpac Rescue Helicopter service, which responded to the emergency at the beach. Police officers and life guards on the scene went out in inflatable boats. When they fired at the shark they saw by the body, it "rolled over and disappeared," said Inspector Shawn Rutene. Following the death, police closed the beach and several others nearby. Auckland Council said it expected the area to remain closed for the next few days. Shark attacks kill about 25 people a year worldwide, according to the New Zealand Department of Conservation. However, fatal attacks in the country's beaches have been rare. There have been fewer than 20 shark attack deaths in more than 175 years in New Zealand, the agency said. Twitter users expressed their condolences to the victim's family. Others worried about the risk of more attacks. "Shark attack at Muriwai!!" exclaimed a user named Aaron Jeavons. "Won't be swimming there again!" Report: Shark attacks up .	NEW: "There was blood everywhere," an eyewitness says . A swimmer in his 40s is attacked about 200 meters offshore, police say . Police fire at the shark to get it away from the body . The attack took place at Muriwai Beach, west of Auckland .
A tiny piglet had to be saved from the waves after it escaped onto a beach and swam 150 yards out to sea. The RSPCA was called after the baby pig became stuck at the top of a cliff above Covehithe beach in Suffolk. By the time officers arrived, the three-week old animal had tumbled down to the beach and, when rescuers approached, made a dash into the waves. Saved his bacon: A tiny piglet had to be saved from the waves by RSPCA inspector Jason Finch after it escaped onto a beach and swam 150 yards out to sea . This little piggie went swimming: The RSPCA was called after the baby pig became stuck at the top of a cliff above Covehithe beach in Suffolk, before tumbling down to the shoreline . RSPCA inspector Jason Finch said he made his way down to the beach to try and catch it, but it panicked and turned on its trotters and ran into the sea. He said: 'I couldn't believe it when he darted straight into the sea like that. 'He was completely unfazed by the bubbling surf and started diving up and down among the waves for ages - upwards of 10 minutes. He became a tiny black dot in the distance and at one point I thought he was heading to France. 'I was just wondering whether I would have to dive in myself when he started swimming in the more shallow end of the surf, so I just ran in and grabbed him. 'He was safe and sound and in good health - in fact he did not even seem puffed out. Far fitter than many I know.' The piglet, which weighed around 5lbs, swam out for 150 yards before turning round and heading back to shore as darkness was falling. Ahoy there!: The piglet, which weighed around 5lbs, swam out for 150 yards before turning round and heading back to shore as darkness was falling . Mr Finch was then able wade into the surf and pick it up before returning the porker to staff at Church Farm, Covehithe. The pig escaped from an arc-shaped sty where it was being reared along with its brothers and sisters in a field. It then slipped under an electric wire fence and trotted 200 yards to the cliff where it got stuck before it fell to the beach. Gill Middleditch, the wife of farmer Roger Middleditch, said: 'The piglets normally stay in their arcs with their mothers, but they sometimes climb out. 'They are mischievous little monkeys and on rare occasions they do go on walkabout. They usually stay fairly close to their mothers, but they can slip under the wire fence. 'This one obviously had quite an adventure and we are very grateful to the RSPCA for bringing it back.'	RSPCA called to rescue baby pig from top of a cliff above beach in Suffolk . By time officers arrived, three-week old animal had tumbled down to beach . The piglet then panicked and turned on its trotters and ran into the sea . The 5lbs animal swam out for 150 yards before turning round as it got dark .
By . Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 23:00 EST, 14 August 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 05:47 EST, 15 August 2012 . Bad reception: Chadwick Lange, 43, had just moved to Manhattan from Miami when his Maserati was stolen . A Miami real estate agent who recently moved to Manhattan didn't exactly receive a warm welcome when his Maserati was stolen over the weekend. It didn't help that he left the car running in the middle of Times Square when he hopped out to say hello to a friend. Chadwick Lange, 43, reportedly made an easy target for two thieves who posed as Maserati enthusiasts who said they wanted to take pictures of the vehicle, which retails for more than $150,000. The New York Daily News reports that Mr Lange was driving through Times Square around 4.40am on Sunday morning when he saw a friend at the corner of 47th and Broadway. 'He puts the car in park but doesn't take the keys out. His friend is there, he starts talking to him while these two guys come up to him,' an unidentified police source tells the paper. The two men take some pictures of the car, and while Mr Lange is talking to his friend, one of the men slips in the driver's seat and speeds away. Wising up quickly, Mr Lange runs after the car and the second thief who was doing the same. The car slowed down to pick up the second suspect, but sped away up Eighth Avenue too quickly for Mr Lange to catch them. Pricey: Mr Lange parked his 2008 GranTurismo Maserati, similar to the car shown, in Times Square to say hello to a friend in the early hours of Sunday morning . Middle of the city: Two men approached Mr Lange in Times Square and asked to take a picture with the expensive car and he allowed them to, but then they drove away with it . When reached by The Daily News, Mr Lange declined to comment citing the on-going police investigation and insurance claim. His car and the two suspects still remain at large. Mr Lange recently moved up to New York from Florida and though reports of the stolen car do not include his photo, his picture has been taken at several society events both in Bridgehampton and in Miami. He works as a real estate broker for both Willoughby Realty Group and Xcellence Realty Llc.	Chadwick Lange, 43, was driving his Maserati through Times Square around 4.40am Sunday morning when he saw a friend and pulled over . Two men approach him asking to take pictures with the fancy car . The men proceed to steal the car, which still had the keys inside .
By . James Rush . PUBLISHED: . 11:50 EST, 22 January 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 16:00 EST, 22 January 2014 . Andrew Woodhouse, 44, was today on trial accused of assaulting two raiders he found stealing diesel from his business . A businessman who attacked two thieves caught red-handed in a night-time raid was arrested after defending his property, a court has heard. Andrew Woodhouse, 44, was today on trial facing assault charges on the two raiders he found stealing diesel from his business. A jury heard how Woodhouse grabbed a fence post one was carrying as a weapon - and used it to fight back against them. The father-of-five - who says he has repeatedly been a victim of crime at his gardening company - kept hold of the two burglars until police arrived. But the court was told it was Woodhouse who was then arrested and accused of using excessive force. The thieves ended up with £75 fines - but businessman Woodhouse could face a prison sentence if he is found guilty of attacking them. Defence lawyer Andrew Taylor said: 'These thieves thought they would have nice easy pickings that night. 'Many people would have given up and just claimed on their insurance but Mr Woodhouse is made of sterner stuff. 'He showed stoicism, courage and fitness to chase them. One of the men was armed and went to attack him. He acted in lawful self-defence. 'He agrees the red mist came down which you can understand when his business has almost been wiped out by crime. 'If it hadn’t been for him these men . would not have been caught. Where are we in society when a person cannot . act in self-defence to protect his property. That is what Mr Woodhouse . was doing.' Woodhouse chased Kevin Green (left) and left him with two broken legs and a broken arm, the court heard. He then allegedly rugby-tackled Timothy Cross (right) and lay on top of him until police arrived . Kevin Green, 53, and Timothy Cross, 32, tried to escape into a neighbouring field with jerry cans full of stolen fuel, the court heard. But Woodhouse chased Green - and caught him near their getaway car. The court heard he then attacked Green leaving him with two broken legs and a broken arm. The court heard he then chased Cross before rugby-tackling him. He lay on top of the raider until police arrived. Prosecutor James Wilson said: 'When he saw his hard-earned money carted off by a couple of ne’er-do-wells, he gave chase in anger intending to injure them.' Mr Wilson described it an 'unreasonable and unlawful assault.' He said: 'It was not reasonable self-defence. Mr Woodhouse lost his temper and went over the top. Woodhouse denies grievous bodily harm and grievous bodily harm with intent . 'He is a hard-working businessman but he has let his frustration get the better of him. He lost it.' The court heard how Woodhouse gave police a full account of how he fought with the two raiders like a 'mad man'. He said: 'I swore at the men and grabbed one of them, I then felt a blow to my hand and shoulder and began grappling with them. 'If it hadn’t been for him these men . would not have been caught. Where are we in society when a person cannot . act in self-defence to protect his property. That is what Mr Woodhouse . was doing' - Defence lawyer Andrew Taylor . 'I was pushed over and then I grabbed something from one of their hands which felt like a wooden fence post. 'I didn’t want to be on the floor with someone hitting me with the wood like that. 'I swung out like a mad man between six and ten times. I was just lashing out man, I was hitting as hard as I could.' Woodhouse said he was 'gutted and sickened' to learn the extent of Green’s injuries. Woodhouse was woken in the middle of the night by a text message telling him a burglar alarm had gone off at the tyre yard where he runs his business. Married Woodhouse was in bed with his wife Lisa at their detached home in the village of Govilon, near Abergavenny, when his burglar alarm went off at about 12.30am. Green and Cross (pictured) were charged with theft and later given £75 fines by magistrates . The alarm is fitted to his business premises on an industrial estate a mile from his six-bedroom £350,000 home. Woodhouse drove to the premises where he disturbed two men stealing diesel from his machinery. A court heard how his wife drove to the scene to help him and she called the police to come and arrest the thieves. She told the court: 'I knew something was wrong when he didn’t ring me after leaving the house. 'When I drove there myself, I saw him lying on the floor with the second chap. He was holding him and shouting at me to ring the police.' The court heard officers found Green lying injured under a blanket - and Cross claiming the businessmen had gone 'over the top'. PC Aime McSherry said: 'I asked him what happened. 'He said: “I been nicking diesel and some bloke has beaten me up with a stick and broken my legs and my arm. I need an ambulance”.' Green claimed he was left in 'terrible pain' - and that Woodhouse kicked him in the ribs and punched him in the face. The court heard he is still using crutches ten months after the incident in March last year. Woodhouse employs six staff including two of his sons at the family business, which was set up 20 years ago. He had been targeted by thieves in recent years who took between £15,000 and £25,000 of machinery. The court heard how he didn’t feel like officers had given him enough assistance when he had been the victim of crime. Green and Cross were charged with theft and later given £75 fines by magistrates. Woodhouse denies grievous bodily harm and grievous bodily harm with intent. The trial at Cardiff Crown Court continues.	Andrew Woodhouse on trial facing assault charges on two raiders . The 44-year-old businessman denies GBH and GBH with intent . Kevin Green and Timothy Cross ended up with £75 fines for theft . Woodhouse caught Green and, court hears . Jury heard he rugby-tackled Cross and laid on top of him until police arrived . He was arrested and accused of using excessive force .
Head-to-toe feathers, foiled onesies and thousand-pound dresses; it's just another day on the catwalk at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week. Kicking off proceedings today was feather specialist, Serkan Cura, with a collection that wouldn't look out of place in Big Bird's wardrobe. The exotic spring/summer 2015 collection was certainly flamboyant and served up goose-feathered coats in an array of bright colours. But the daring designer didn't stop at just coats. Feather specialist, Serkan Cura, unveiled a collection that wouldn't look out of place in Big Bird's wardrobe today in Paris . Vibrant feather-covered boots, crop tops and shorts hit the runway, too. Gowns were inspired by the Charleston and came in fluffy ostrich feathers in bold reds, powder blues and mustards. The Belgian couturier and Jean Paul Gaultier alumni is best known for his fantastic feather creations but that's by no means the only material he can work with. The exotic SS15 collection  served up goose-feather crop tops, knickers and boots, left, metallic as well as see-through silver trousers and high-necked jackets, and even Barbarella-style foil metallic jumpsuits worn with embellished corsets and glam-rock platform boots . The flesh-baring pieces, fun feathered backpacks and sheer shirts wouldn't look out of place in Miley Cyrus's wardrobe . Elsewhere in his show, models wore metallic foiled jumpsuits, structured raffia dresses and sheer crop tops. Over at Zuhair Murad was a whole different story. The Beirut-based Lebanese fashion designer, who is loved by Cheryl Fernandez-Versini and Jennifer Lopez, sent models down the runway in beautifully embellished floral tulle gowns. The ethereal gowns, which were decorated with blush pink rosebuds and smatterings of sparkle, will no doubt be gracing the Oscar red carpet next year. The ornate gowns were sometimes slashed from the chest to the naval, but the long sleeves and floor-length hemlines kept a certain conservatism about them. Zuhair Murad, who is loved by Cheryl Fernandez-Versini and Jennifer Lopez, sent models down the runway in  embellished floral tulle gowns . The ornate gowns featured sheer skirts, left, sparkling embellishment, centre, and necklines slashed to the navel teamed with full skirts (right) The Ralph & Russo runway was a similar story. Watched from the front row by Cheryl Fernandez-Versini and her husband, the designers aimed to capture the Goddess of Spring with a majestic collection that they say symbolised nature’s regenerative powers. For SS15, the Ralph & Russo muse is an 'exultant deity, whose gifts lend themselves to delight', they say. Acclaimed for its excellence in craftsmanship, the maison de couture aims to inspire with eye-catching embellishment, such as petal appliqué and pearl embroidery; the devil really is in the detail. The colour palette - crisp and most sophisticated - was full of pomegranate pinks, soft mints and cornflower blues. The collection, above all, aims to flatter the female form thanks to sheaths of organza, which promise to hug the figure in all the right places. The show saw the models metamorphose into fairies and nymphs, gracefully collecting blossoms in their structured collars or scattering buds into the folds of their gowns - and Mrs Fernandez-Versini seemed most impressed. Watched from the front row by Cheryl Fernandez-Versini and her husband,  Ralph & Russo created a dreamlike, majestic collection . The designers were inspired by the 'goddess of spring' with detail such as blue and white petal appliqué and pearl embroidery sewn to Fifties-style dresses, left, stunning old Hollywood-style gowns with glamorous evening coats, centre, and flirty tulle-lined strapless dresses (right) The colour palette was full of pearl greys, left, pomegranate pinks, soft mints, purples and cornflower blues, right . A model wears the bridal gown closing the Ralph & Russo show in a dramatic finale . The graceful show saw the models metamorphose into fairies and nymphs in dazzling gowns that showcased the best of eveningwear design . Acclaimed model Lindsey Wixson walks the runway in some questionable headgear a the Jean Paul Gaultier show . Lebanese designer Georges Chakra unveiled beautifully ornate gowns with some serious movement . A model presents a creation from the Spring/Summer 2015 Haute Couture collection by Lebanese designer Georges Chakra .	Shows in world's chic capital today included Ralph & Russo, Serkan Cura and Zuhair Murad . Serkan Cura's show was full of exotic feathers and see-through metallic spacesuits . Ralph & Russo was watched by Cheryl and husband John-Bernard, who witnessed stunning embellished gowns .
Daniel Sturridge has named Thierry Henry, Ronaldo and Robbie Fowler among his goalscoring idols growing up as a kid. The Liverpool and England striker took to Instagram on Thursday to upload pictures of the trio alongside a further six heroes of his. The completed list of stellar names include Dennis Bergkamp, Tino Asprilla, Rivaldo, Gianfranco Zola, Ian Wright and Nicolas Anelka. Daniel Sturridge went on Instagram to reveal his goalscoring idols, which include Thierry Henry and Rivaldo . Sturridge's hereos include Robbie Fowler, Dennis Bergkamp, Tino Asprilla (left-hand column top to bottom), Henry as well as 1994 and 2002 Brazil World Cup winner Ronaldo (right-hand column top to bottom) Rivaldo, Ian Wright (left hand column top to bottom), Gianfranco Zola and Nicolas Anelka (right-hand column top to bottom) complete the list of the 25-year-old nine goalscoring idols . Captioning the pictures Sturridge wrote: 'Long love the idols...Fowler,bergkamp,asprilla, Ronaldo,Henry, Rivaldo,Zola,wright, Anelka... Always pay homage to those who came and conquered.' The 25-year-old will be dearly hoping to emulate Kop legend Fowler at Anfield, who scored 183 goals in 369 games, after impressing already during his 20 months at the club. Sturridge has netted 36 goals in 52 appearances for Liverpool, and is currently fighting his way back to full fitness after picking up a thigh injury on international duty earlier this month. Sturridge is currently working his way back to full fitness after suffering a thigh injury .	Daniel Sturridge has revealed his goalscoring idols as a kid on Instagram . Arsenal hero Thierry Henry and Brazil World Cup winner Rivaldo make list . Liverpool legend Robbie Fowler also is included . Dennis Bergkamp, Tino Asprilla, Ronaldo, Gianfranco Zola, Ian Wright and Nicolas Anelka complete the list of nine strikers . Sturridge has scored 36 goals in 52 Liverpool appearances to date . 25-year-old is working his way back to full fitness after a thigh injury .
London (CNN) -- The ceiling collapse that injured dozens of people at a London theater involved "no criminal act," police said Friday in an initial assessment. Police said the investigation into Thursday evening's collapse of the ceiling of London's historic Apollo Theatre, in the heart of the capital's buzzing theater district, will be continued by the Westminster City Council. Investigators combing through the wreckage want to know what caused part of the century-old structure's ornate plaster ceiling to tumble onto the crowd who packed the nearly sold-out show. Nine people were seriously hurt in the collapse, but there were no fatalities, the London Ambulance Service said Friday. "It could have been a lot worse -- there were about 720 people in the auditorium at the time, and a large area of the ceiling came down," said London Fire Brigade's Kingsland Station Manager Nick Harding. Three injured people were trapped under debris and had to be rescued by firefighters, he said. Some of the "walking wounded" were treated in neighboring theaters, he added. London Ambulance Service said it helped 79 people, 56 of whom were taken to local hospitals. Some had head and back injuries, while others had breathing problems or cuts and scrapes. Images from inside the Apollo, which opened in 1901, showed planks, plaster and other debris strewn across the dusty, red plush seats. The drama unfolded shortly after 8 p.m. Thursday, about 40 minutes into the play, "The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time." "One of the actors said, 'Watch out!' " said one woman. "We thought it was part of the play." It wasn't. Instead, it was part of the plaster ceiling collapsing and dropping down five stories onto the theatergoers below. 'Somebody screamed' "We heard a creak, somebody screamed, somebody from over there said, 'Look out!' and then the ceiling kind of creased in the middle and then just collapsed," said Hannah, who with her husband had snagged one of the last pairs of tickets to the performance in the 775-seat theater. Though she said she felt "slight panic," she credited those around her for keeping calm. "It wasn't every man for himself," she said, noting that several of her fellow theatergoers checked on those around them. "Everyone was looking out for each other, and in a couple of minutes, everyone was out." Martin Bostock, who was with his wife and two children, said he thought the cave-in was part of the show until something very hard hit him on the head and chaos and panic erupted. "You couldn't see across the room because of the dust, which we were all breathing in," he told CNN. "It was absolutely horrific and very terrifying. I was with my wife and two kids. Thank God, we got out." Another theatergoer, Simon Usborne, said: "My view of the stage was immediately obscured by this dust and debris -- some other people have said it was like an avalanche, and that's probably a better description." No alarm sounded, but it was clear that something serious had happened, he said. "Everybody knew that something was wrong and the fear was then that more might come down, so everybody immediately dashed for an exit -- people were screaming -- I was fortunately close to an exit," he said. Harding, who said the theater had been evacuated in a swift and orderly way, told reporters Friday it was too soon to speculate on the cause of the collapse. Some observers have speculated that heavy rain over London earlier Thursday evening might have played a part. The Apollo is on Shaftesbury Avenue near Piccadilly Circus, in London's Soho district, which is usually packed with tourists, shoppers and diners at theater time. The area around it was cordoned off after the collapse as bloodied and dust-covered theatergoers stumbled onto the street. The local London authority, Westminster City Council, said Friday morning that the Apollo Theatre's roof is now "secure," but what led it to give way was not known. Historic theaters are required to undergo rigorous roof safety checks every three years, the council said. 'A freak, unusual accident' Many people with tickets for shows over the busy holiday period will want to know that they are not at risk of falling victim to a similar offstage drama. There are nearly 50 major theaters in the West End of London, of which 26 are at least 90 years old. The Society of London Theatre, which represents the theater industry in the capital, sought Friday to reassure those alarmed by the events. "Our theatres entertain over 32,000 people in central London every night and all theatres take the safety of their audience, performers and staff very seriously," it said in a prepared statement. "Every theatre undergoes rigorous safety checks and inspections by independent experts, and incidents like last night are extremely rare." The society's president, Mark Rubinstein, told CNN on Friday there had been no warning of any problem with the Apollo's ceiling. "It was a freak, unusual accident -- we have no idea what caused it," he said. "Obviously our sympathies are with anyone who was injured or affected by it." Rubinstein said he did not anticipate the incident would affect London's "booming" theater business. "I don't expect it's going to change anything," he said. "All of the other theaters are open tonight. We are expecting business as usual. It's the holiday season, it's a very busy time of year and we expect our theaters to be full." London Mayor Boris Johnson had a similar message. "Whilst this was a serious incident, London's world renowned theatreland is open for business, and thousands of theatregoers will rightly be out and about tonight and over the weekend," he said in a prepared statement. "The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time," which was adapted for the stage from the 2003 mystery novel by British writer Mark Haddon, is about a 15-year-old boy's investigation into the death of a neighborhood dog. Haddon tweeted Thursday night of his relief that the situation was no worse. "It's been horrifying sitting here watching what has been happening at the apollo this evening. I'm hugely relieved that no-one has died," he said. Performances of the play were canceled through Saturday, the Society of London Theatre said. It was not clear what would happen for future shows. Nimax Theatres, which owns the Apollo, is "working closely with the relevant authorities to establish exactly what happened," the society said. CNN's Nic Robertson reported in London; Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London and Tom Watkins in Atlanta. CNN's Max Foster, Antonia Mortensen and Ashleigh Cowie contributed to this report.	"It was a freak, unusual accident," says president of Society of London Theatre . Investigators start to probe what caused the Apollo Theatre's ceiling to come down . The collapse injured scores of theatergoers, some of them seriously . "It could have been a lot worse," firefighter says of the incident .
