question: But he was sacked by Mr @placeholder in 2007 for an interview in which he suggested that being called a context: By Tim Shipman and Matt Chorley, Mailonline Political Editor PUBLISHED: 05:53 EST, 31 May 2013 | UPDATED: 08:28 EST, 1 June 2013 A new cash-for-questions scandal threatened to engulf Parliament last night after Tory MP Patrick Mercer was snared in a sting operation. Mr Mercer resigned his party’s whip after he was exposed as having accepted £4,000 to ask Parliamentary questions and lobby on behalf of Fiji. His resignation came as pictures emerged allegedly showing him signing a contract with a fake lobbying company set up by journalists. Patrick Mercer MP has resigned as images of him meeting an undercover BBC Panorama reporter posing as a lobbyist were released @highlight Allegedly caught breaking rules by reporters posing as lobbyists who asked him to carry out work on behalf of Fiji @highlight He has asked two parliamentary questions and tabled a Commons motion on the island in the South Pacific but allegedly did not declare interest @highlight Newark MP quit today saying he wants to 'save my party embarrassment' @highlight David Cameron 'aware' of allegations and backed resignation	David Cameron
question: @placeholder insists the accuracy of astro-mapping has been borne out by her many trips around the world: ‘In visiting more than 50 countries, it has never let me down,’ she says. context: When Angela Kane, from London, was hunting for a holiday home in Ireland five years ago, she didn’t consult Zoopla or the usual array of property websites in search of the best deal or most up-and-coming area. Instead, she visited an astrologer and asked for his help in finding the perfect home. He drew her a personalised astrological map, covered in criss-crossing multi-coloured lines showing the most auspicious areas for her house hunt. Never mind structural surveys or price-growth estimates, this map, she reckoned, was the single most effective way to guarantee investing in the perfect property where she will, one day, happily see out her retirement. @highlight Astro-mapping uses the latest computer programs to tell you where to visit @highlight Mairead Armstrong uses Astro-Cartography to match people to holidays @highlight Most people have experienced feeling more at home in specific places @highlight But could the reason really be found in the stars?	Mairead Armstrong
question: New addition: It is thought the reclusive graffiti artist is behind the stencil of a rat that has appeared next to the blank spot where @placeholder used to be context: By Anthony Bond A Banksy mural which was controversially ripped from the wall of a north London shop has been withdrawn from sale at an auction in Miami, it emerged this evening. Slave Labour, which shows a young boy hunched over a sewing machine making Union Jack bunting, appeared on the wall in Wood Green, north London, last May, just before the Diamond Jubilee celebrations. It disappeared from the side of the Poundland store last weekend and was due to be auctioned thousands of miles away in Miami this evening. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO Not for sale: A Banksy mural which was ripped from the wall of a north London shop has been withdrawn from an auction in Miami @highlight Haringey Council told the sale of 'Slave Labour' was halted at last minute @highlight No explanation was given from the auction house in Miami @highlight Locals were left furious after mural was gouged from wall in North London @highlight Art dealer had been bombarded with angry phone calls and e-mails	Slave Labour
question: The @placeholder honour this by helping ensure quality output and highlight the excellent programmes people listen to across the country.' context: The BBC spent £70,000 of licence-payers' money on an annual party for local radio staff despite plans to axe 400 jobs, it has been claimed. Costs for the Corporation's annual Gillard Awards included a £35 Venison dinner for more than 200 people and free travel to and from a hotel, a source said. The hotel costs alone for last year's event topped £25,000, with thousands more spent on alcohol and transport, it was alleged. The BBC spent £70,000 on an events ceremony for local radio staff last year, it was claimed, as the Corporation announced plans to axe 400 jobs to save money @highlight Corporation spent thousands on Gillard Awards for local radio stations @highlight Thousands spent on shift cover, wine and travel for staff, a source claimed @highlight BBC spokesman said figure was closer to £30,000 for last year's event @highlight Comes after it was announced 400 jobs will be scrapped to save money	Gillard Awards
question: "The @placeholder nuclear disaster is the reminder we need that the law should be followed, and American children should be protected in the event of another nuclear meltdown here on U.S. soil," Markey said in a statement issued by his office. context: (CNN) -- A Massachusetts congressman called on the federal government Tuesday to distribute potassium iodide pills to Americans living near nuclear reactors, a preventive step one expert warns might do more harm than good. Rep. Ed Markey wants the federal government to distribute doses of the compound -- which can be used to block the thyroid gland's absorption of radioactive iodine -- to every household within a 20-mile radius of a U.S. nuclear power plant "in recognition of the probability that rapid evacuation during a nuclear meltdown will be difficult and time consuming." Markey, D-Massachusetts, said the battle to halt a suspected meltdown at a Japanese plant should spur the Obama administration to action. @highlight Congressman wants people living near reactors to have pills handy @highlight A CNN consultant calls that "a well-intentioned but bad idea" @highlight Trace amounts of radiation prompted a run on pills in California	Japanese
question: But in June of 2008, Ginsberg claimed a @placeholder representative called him and told him his status was being revoked on grounds that he "abused" the program, according to court papers. context: Washington (CNN) -- The case of a frequent flier labeled a "frequent complainer" by one airline will soon get a Supreme Court review, testing consumer rights against corporate prerogatives. The justices will hold an hour of oral arguments Tuesday. Rabbi Binyomin Ginsberg claims his WorldPerks Platinum Elite membership was revoked after being told he had "abused" his privileges, repeatedly filing complaints for upgrades and other benefits. Northwest Airlines, which was consumed by Delta Air Lines in a 2008 merger, said it had "sole judgment" over the program's general terms and conditions to make such determinations. At issue is whether Ginsberg has a right under state law to bring his case or whether it is preempted by a 1970s-era federal law that deregulated the airline industry. @highlight Rabbi Ginsberg says he was told he complained too much @highlight Northwest Airlines kicked him out of the frequent flier program @highlight The rabbi lost all of his frequent flier miles as well @highlight The high court will look at consumer rights vs. corporate law	Northwest Airlines
question: Speaking ahead of the glamour friendly, Sanchez said: 'I’m so excited and honoured to be playing for the national team of Chile, against our great rivals Brazil, in front of the incredible Arsenal fans at @placeholder. context: Arsenal superstar Alexis Sanchez has revealed he is looking forward to welcoming his 'good friend' Neymar to the Emirates Stadium when Chile face Brazil on March 29. The all-South American friendly match will see Brazil come up against Chile for the first time since their 2014 World Cup last 16 clash. Neymar got the better of his former Barcelona team-mate Sanchez on that occasion as Brazil progressed to the quarter-finals by defeating their opponents on penalties. Arsenal ace Alexis Sanchez has said he is looking forward to welcoming Neymar to the Emirates Stadium Sanchez (left) and Neymar (right) played alongside each other at La Liga giants Barcelona @highlight Brazil take on Chile at Arsenal's Emirates Stadium in March @highlight Arsenal ace Alexis Sanchez played alongside Neymar at Barcelona @highlight Chile were eliminated from the 2014 World Cup by Brazil	Emirates Stadium
question: Arslan of Besiktas is swamped by his team-mates  after scoring  against @placeholder to send the game into extra time context: That wasn’t in the script: penalties, the Ataturk Stadium and a momentous anniversary looming — surely the only outcome could have been a Liverpool win? Not this time. Here was a European first, Liverpool failing in a shootout, and that it happened at the scene of their greatest triumph thickened the plot. Going out of the Europa League at the hands of Besiktas was not how they aimed to mark 10 years since winning the Champions League. Inevitably, it went to the wire and it took place at the same end at which they outwitted Milan in the 2005 Champions League final. But when Tolgay Arslan thumped home Besiktas’ fifth successful penalty, Dejan Lovren wilted and sent his kick high and wide. @highlight Mario Balotelli received a yellow card for persistent fouling after just 11 minutes @highlight Balotelli and Daniel Sturridge were paired up front while Jordon Ibe also started @highlight Besiktas  substitute Tolgay Arslan scored after 72 minutes via a Demba Ba assist @highlight Ba could have scored the winner in the 92nd minute when he hit the crossbar from six yards out @highlight Sturridge limped off after 106 minutes as he was replaced by striker Rickie Lambert @highlight The game went to extra time but neither side could score and it went to penalties @highlight Liverpool beat AC Milan 3-2 on penalties in the 2005 Champions League final in Istanbul @highlight Liverpool lost 5-4 on penalties against Besiktas as Dejan Lovren missed the 10th and final penalty	Liverpool
question: Open: @placeholder was still taking visitors on Friday, hours after their zookeeper died context: By Jessica Jerreat PUBLISHED: 12:40 EST, 11 October 2013 | UPDATED: 14:16 EST, 11 October 2013 A 62-year-old zookeeper died this morning after an Asian elephant called Patience charged at him in her enclosure as he fed her. John Phillip Bradford, elephant manager at Missouri's Dickerson Park Zoo, had been with two other keepers in the animal's barn at about 8.45am when the incident happened. It is not yet known what caused the 6,000lb elephant to attack her keeper, who had worked at the zoo for 30 years. Tragic: Senior zookeeper John Bradford was killed by a charging elephant @highlight John Bradford had worked at Missouri zoo for 25 years @highlight Elephant had history of aggression, city spokesman says	Dickerson Park Zoo
question: Police said building collapses accounted for several fatalities, while in @placeholder prefecture two men froze to death in separate incidents while trying to walk home from stranded cars. context: (CNN) -- Japan was hit by record snowfall again this weekend as several prefectures in the eastern part of the country reported deaths as well as severe transport delays and disruptions. The Japan Fire and Disaster Management Agency has confirmed at least 19 deaths caused by the snowstorm across northeast Japan. At least 365 are reported to be injured from incidents caused directly by the heavy snow. Elderly residents in Oyama in Shizuoka Prefecture were stranded in their homes following a snow dump of more than three feet (1 meter) on Friday. Other isolated communities were also cut off, with more than 5,000 households inaccessible due to blocked roads in some mountainous areas of Yamanashi, Nagano, Saitama and Gunma prefectures as well as western Tokyo, according to the Cabinet Office. @highlight NEW: Death toll from snowstorm hits 19 @highlight Latest storm comes days after heaviest snow in decades @highlight Major transport disruptions in parts of Japan @highlight 365 injured by heavy snowfall	Yamanashi
question: So, similarly to Chelsea, they won't want to get @placeholder, Galatasaray and Roma. context: By Adam Shergold The elite of European football will gather in Monte Carlo on Thursday evening to discover their opponents in the Champions League group stage. It is typically an occasion of pageantry and presentations as the continental football season gets into full swing. Here's your complete guide to the occasion. When and where is the draw taking place? The Champions League group stage draw will take place on Thursday, with the ceremony getting underway at 4.45pm UK time. It will take place at the Grimaldi Forum in sunny Monaco. Who's in the draw? Arsenal 1-0 Besiktas (agg 1-0) Athletic Bilbao 3-1 Napoli (agg 4-2) @highlight The Champions League draw takes place at 4.45pm UK time on Thursday @highlight Chelsea, Liverpool, Manchester City and Arsenal will all be in the draw @highlight Liverpool could draw Real Madrid, Paris Saint-Germain and Roma @highlight Chelsea and Arsenal could draw Paris Saint-Germain, Galatasaray and Roma @highlight Manchester City could face Real Madrid, Galatasaray and Roma	Paris Saint-Germain
question: ‘I don't like that, because it means me as official who has great respect for the press, is in essence saying a reporter doing his or her job and doing that important job is somehow branded a criminal,’ @placeholder said NBC. context: Attorney General Eric Holder has admitted that investigators may have gone too far in their recent attempts to prevent leaks to the media and he said the Justice Department needs to do a better job of balancing national security with press freedom. ‘I'm a little concerned that things have gotten a little out of whack,’ Holder told NBC on Wednesday. ‘I think we can do a better job than we have. We can reform those regulations, reform those guidelines to better reflect that balance.’ Holder has been embroiled in a media storm over a Justice Department subpoena of Associated Press phone records and, in particular, an investigation into leaks to Fox News correspondent James Rosen. @highlight Holder has admitted that Justice Department investigators went too far with  attempts to prevent leaks to the media @highlight He said he was ‘not comfortable’ approving a search warrant affidavit for James Rosen’s emails and said the process would change @highlight Despite calls from Republicans for him to resign, he told NBC that he had 'no intention' of doing so	Eric Holder
question: Berlusconi suffered broken teeth and a fractured nose in the Sunday attack, in which a man threw a souvenir replica of @placeholder's cathedral at him and hit him in the face. context: Rome, Italy (CNN) -- A man tried to enter the hospital room of Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi overnight, as the leader recovered from being hit in the face Sunday. The man was detained. No further details about him were immediately available but Italian media reported that he was carrying a knife. Berlusconi, for his part, will remain in the hospital at least one day longer than expected, his doctor said Wednesday. The PM will be hospitalized at least through Thursday, Alberto Zangrillo announced, citing Berlusconi's difficulty eating and ongoing pain. "Having said this, the clinical conditions of the prime minister are reassuring. We are reassured, not worried. And, I believe I can say that the prime minister will be dismissed tomorrow early afternoon," he said. @highlight A man tries to enter hospital room of recovering Italian PM Berlusconi @highlight Berlusconi will remain in hospital at least one day longer than expected, his doctor said @highlight The 73-year-old controversial politician has fractured nose and broken teeth @highlight Police say Berlusconi was struck with metal model of Milan's cathedral	Milan
question: However he seems to have settled into the paid ranks now and is a heavy betting favourite to see off @placeholder. context: There is another fight of significance for British boxing taking place here this Saturday night. Amir Khan will be the star attraction as he battles Devon Alexander at the MGM Grand Garden. But meanwhile, just a stroll down the Las Vegas Strip at the Cosmopolitan, Ireland’s Andy Lee will be taking on Matt Korobov for the vacant WBO middleweight title. VIDEO Scroll down for Andy Lee: Hard fight but I have the tools to beat Matt Korobov Andy Lee with trainer Adam Booth ahead of his world title fight with Matt Korobov on Saturday night Korobov (left) was an amateur star but has taken his time to adapt to the professional game @highlight Andy Lee takes on Matt Korobov for the WBO middleweight title @highlight The fight takes place at the same time as Amir Khan vs Devon Alexander @highlight Billy Joe Saunders will take on the winner of Lee vs Korobov @highlight Saunders believes Korobov's style would suit him perfectly	Andy Lee
question: The @placeholder had to prove both of these for a conviction, along with the other elements. context: On Wednesday, the Massachusetts Supreme Court issued an opinion in the matter of Commonwealth v. Michael Robertson, holding that it is not illegal to secretly photograph underneath a person's skirt on the subway, a practice widely known as "upskirting." The court, and the justice who wrote the opinion, have since weathered harsh -- and undeserved -- criticism. On Thursday, state lawmakers passed a bill banning upskirting, but that new law—which yet to be signed by the governor-- will still be subject to the same judicial scrutiny if it fails to adequately define the crime and the elements thereof. No one, including the members of the Massachusetts Supreme Court, condones upskirting. But the court is not in the business of "condoning" activity, nor is it in a position to adjudicate the fairness of the outcome. The court is in the very limited business of applying the law enacted by the legislatures, and it did just that. In fact, it carefully applied the definitions provided by both the Legislature and Webster's dictionary. The problem isn't the justice; it's the statute, as wrtitten,  itself. @highlight Danny Cevallos: People appalled by Mass. "upskirt" ruling, but justices enforcing law as written @highlight He says victim wasn't partially nude, was in non-private place; law lets photog take picture @highlight He says opinion raises privacy and moral issues unique to female clothing, mainly skirts @highlight Cevallos: Don't be angry with court; be angry with legislators who enacted law	Commonwealth
question: @placeholder plays a key role in China's multi-faceted security strategy, so it context: By Daily Mail Reporter PUBLISHED: 08:36 EST, 21 February 2013 | UPDATED: 10:16 EST, 21 February 2013 Chinese soldiers chased American journalists who attempted to shed light on a secretive military unit believed to be behind hacking attacks on the U.S. government. The journalists were driving away from soldiers of the People's Liberation Army, when the men started chasing the car while journalists were filming. Video footage from a moving vehicle appears to show the soldiers break into a run, and keep pace with the car, while panicked journalists urge their driver: 'Keep driving. Keep driving, drive away. Drive away!' @highlight Footage shows journalists hounded by People's Liberation Army soldiers @highlight Targets include aerospace, communications and energy companies @highlight PLA's Unit 61398 in Shanghai identified as most likely source of attacks @highlight Situated in banking hub and has thousands of staff proficient in English @highlight 'Stolen hundreds of terabytes of data from at least 141 firms since 2006' @highlight Claims have been made in report by U.S. cyber security firm Mandiant @highlight Chinese Foreign Ministry has dismissed the claims as 'groundless'	PLA
question: "The impression of @placeholder that visitors take away seems to be affected by whether they have had the opportunity to meet and communicate with local people," Abe said. context: (CNN) -- Almost 70 years after the U.S. military dropped an atomic bomb on the Japanese city of Hiroshima, effectively ending World War II, the site of the devastation remains one of the most popular tourist attractions in the country. And it appears to be getting more popular. According to a recent report in The Japan Times, visits to the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum by foreign tourists hit a record high of 200,086 in 2013. Local officials confirm that the memorial site is attracting an increasing number of tourists to study the burnt wreckage, painful witness testimonies and human shadows left permanently visible after the atomic bomb explosion's incandescent destruction. @highlight The Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum is one of TripAdvisor's top Japan travel sites @highlight The museum attracted a record number of foreign tourists in 2013 @highlight Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum features photos, films, scientific explanations of the explosion	Hiroshima
question: Despite calls for his resignation and impeachment inquiries, @placeholder persisted and stayed in office. context: Washington (CNN) -- Beginning Saturday and continuing over the next few weeks, some of the nation's most prominent governors will be leaving office as a new crop of state chief executives are sworn in. Among the more well-known governors who will be leaving office: -- Republicans Arnold Schwarzenegger of California, Charlie Crist of Florida, Tim Pawlenty of Minnesota and Mark Sanford of South Carolina -- Democrats Bill Richardson of New Mexico, David Paterson of New York, Ed Rendell of Pennsylvania, Ted Strickland of Ohio and Jennifer Granholm of Michigan Some of them are leaving due to term limits, some were defeated and others sought different offices. Some are leaving after having survived high-profile scandals. Others are departing after weathering a myriad of problems affecting their states. @highlight Some of the nation's most prominent governors are wrapping up their terms @highlight Outgoing Republicans include Schwarzenegger of California and Sanford of South Carolina @highlight Outgoing Democrats include Richardson of New Mexico and Paterson of New York	Mark Sanford
question: The mixed-race Mr @placeholder successfully sold himself in  2008 as a 'post-racial' president who would bridge America’s historic black-white divide. context: A top advisor to Mitt Romney has accused Colin Powell of endorsing the US president because they are both black - amid new evidence of a widening racial gap in the battle for the White House. John Sununu said he did not believe General Powell, the former Republican Secretary of State under George W Bush, switched parties and endorsed Barack Obama because he likes his policies. He said: ‘Frankly, when you take a look at Colin Powell, you have to wonder whether that’s an endorsement based on issues or whether he’s got a slightly different reason for preferring President Obama.’ @highlight John Sununu claims Mr Powell is supporting the President's election campaign because of their shared race @highlight Says the former US Secretary of State - who is African American - did not make decision based on policy @highlight Poll show race for White House is racially divided with Obama supported by 80% of black and Hispanic voters but just 37% of whites @highlight Data also shows president is struggling to connect with whites who voted for him four years ago	Barack Obama
question: "I was (and still am) not aware of any other international commercial sport event being subsidized through full tax exemption at the cost of (other) taxpayers, and did not see any justification for such unequal treatment of @placeholder." context: After some of the world's biggest corporations such as Apple and Google have come under pressure over aggressive tax avoidance strategies, now its FIFA's turn to defend its lucrative financial arrangements with 2014 World Cup hosts Brazil. The relationship of football's world governing body with Brazil is under scrutiny following the protests that have gripped the country as the South American country stages June's Confederation Cup -- a test run for the main event next year. Initially disgruntlement of the protesters centered on a 20 centavos (10 cents) rise in bus and train fares. But a violent response from the police, prompted Brazilians of all ages took to the streets. @highlight Questions raised over what Brazil really gets out of 2014 World Cup @highlight Should money be spent on football stadiums or health and education? @highlight FIFA receives tax exemptions from Brazil @highlight Romario says: "FIFA comes to our country and sets up a state within a state"	FIFA
question: Time is right, but past failures haunt @placeholder peace talks context: Havana, Cuba (CNN) -- Members of Latin America's largest guerrilla group declared Thursday they will ask for an immediate cease fire when they meet with Colombian government negotiators for peace talks next month. The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia -- known by the Spanish acronym FARC -- have waged a bloody civil war for five decades with the Colombian government and right-wing paramilitary groups. The group is considered by the United States government to be a terrorist organization. The discussions will begin on October 8 in Oslo, Norway, six FARC members said during a news conference held in Havana on Thursday. @highlight An immediate cease fire will be on the agenda in talks next month, FARC members say @highlight But one warns, "There's enough of us to keep taking the fight to the government." @highlight The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia have waged a civil war for five decades @highlight "We no longer have any captives," FARC commander Mauricio Jaramillo says	Colombian
question: Major social and economic problems in @placeholder have fueled the protests. context: Facing the largest anti-government protests in his 11 months in power, Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro vowed to move forward with the prosecution of a leading opposition figure on charges of terrorism and murder. Four anti-government protesters and one government supporter have died in clashes around the country. The man the government blames for the deaths is Leopoldo Lopez, an opposition leader who turned himself in to authorities on Tuesday. A court hearing to determine whether Lopez will be released or remain behind bars began inside a military prison Wednesday night, his family told CNN en Español. Human rights groups warn about the danger of turning the protests into a persecution of political opponents. @highlight Lopez's family says a court hearing for the opposition leader has begun @highlight Charges against opposition leader include murder, terrorism, arson @highlight Obama: Venezuela should focus on people's concerns, not make false accusations @highlight Maduro about Lopez in prison: "I will do that with all the fascists"	Venezuela
question: A @placeholder landing adds a week to the turnaround time before the shuttle can be ready for another mission. context: (CNN) -- The space shuttle Discovery landed in California on Friday evening after bad weather near Kennedy Space Center forced it to wave off a landing in Florida. Discovery landed at Edwards Air Force Base after a 13-day mission to the international space station. "Welcome home Discovery," mission control said after the shuttle landed. "Congratulations on an extremely successful mission, stepping up science to a new level on the international space station." The shuttle touched down at 8:53 p.m. ET at Edwards Air Force Base in the Mojave Desert, where NASA described the weather as "pristine." This may be the last California shuttle landing, because there are only six missions remaining on the NASA schedule, unless Congress gives the space agency more money. @highlight NEW: Mission control says mission took "science to a new level" on space station @highlight NEW: Shuttle lands in California, incurring additional cost to bring it home @highlight Florida landing for space shuttle called off because of bad weather	California
question: Read more: In numbers: The life of an @placeholder child context: (CNN) -- Senegalese-born Marieme Jamme is at the forefront of the technology revolution that is slowly transforming Africa. As chief executive of Spot One Global Solutions, a UK-based company that helps information technology organizations gain a foothold in emerging markets, she encourages global investment in African IT infrastructure. Armed with a strong desire to help Africa realize its potential, Jamme is outspoken about what the continent needs and how she can help. "I bring the skills to make sure they understand the only way we can develop our continent is to just be normal and to be who we are and work very hard rather than just putting all this power behind it and hiding behind powers, because it doesn't make any sense," she says. @highlight Senegalese-born Marieme Jamme is highly renowned in the Africa tech scene and beyond @highlight She runs a UK-based company that helps IT companies gain a foothold in emerging markets @highlight Jamme has also set up a platform that brings together leading voices to share ideas about Africa's development @highlight She is a mentor to young Africans, helping them to start businesses	African
question: It would be the third recent case of alleged abuse and killings by Mexican security forces and the first to involve @placeholder. context: Mexican authorities are questioning nine police officers from the  elite 'Hurcules' cartel-busting unit in connection with the killing of three U.S. citizens on vacation in the country. Erica Alvarado Rivera, 26, and brothers, Alex, 22, and Jose Angel, 21, disappeared on October 13 while visiting their father in the border city of Matamoros with Erica Alvarado's 32-year-old Mexican boyfriend, Jose Guadalupe Castaneda Benitez. Their bodies, identified yesterday, were found burned, most likely from lying in the hot sun for so long, police said. Each had been shot in the head. Tragic: Erica (left), who has four children between the ages of 3 and 9, had been scheduled to begin studying to become a nursing assistant next month while Alex (right) and brother Jose had been scheduled to make their annual pilgrimage to Missouri as migrant farm workers more than a week ago @highlight Siblings Erica, 26, Alex, 22, and Jose Alvarado, 21, killed on October 13 @highlight They were killed alongside mother-of-four Erica's Mexican boyfriend, 32 @highlight Their bodies were found burned, possibly by hot sun, and shots to head @highlight They had been visiting their father in violent border city of Matamoros @highlight Nine members of Mexico's elite 'Hercules' cartel-busting unit in custody	U.S.
question: Power said that if the referendum goes forward, the result would get little recognition beyond @placeholder. context: Washington (CNN) -- To President Barack Obama and U.S. allies in Europe, Sunday's secession referendum in Crimea is unconstitutional, illegal and a fraud because Russian troops have essentially taken over the southern Ukraine peninsula. To Russian President Vladimir Putin, it is a chance for Crimean residents to decide if they want to realign their region with Moscow after the political strife in Ukraine that ousted the pro-Russian leader last month. Whatever the outcome, the vote planned by Crimea's regional parliament and endorsed by Russia's government will further inflame the Ukrainian crisis as the United States and European Union seek a diplomatic solution while threatening diplomatic and political sanctions. @highlight People in Crimea, an autonomous region of Ukraine, vote Sunday on joining Russia @highlight The United States and its European allies reject the referendum as illegal @highlight To Russia, the ousting of the elected Ukraine government was illegal @highlight At issue is whether constitutional authority exists in Ukraine	Russia
question: Increasingly reclusive and consumed by a fear of flying that was only made worse by the 9/11 attacks on @placeholder, the London-born singer now rarely leaves his adopted home city. context: Rake-thin: Unrecognisable in flat cap and jeans, rock star David Bowie steps out for lunch in New York Late morning on a bustling pavement in one of Manhattan’s artier districts this week, a rake-thin man ambled along, a serene presence amid his frenetic surroundings. Wearing a flat cap, wraparound sunglasses, a tatty, grey hooded top and carrying his lunch in a paper bag, he went largely unnoticed by the moneyed shoppers browsing the windows of the art galleries that line the street. It is an anonymity that David Bowie has increasingly come to love. While it is six years since his last public performance, the once prolific star has apparently not written a song since 2003. Even more surprising, perhaps, his wife, Somali-born model Iman, recently let slip that Bowie has quietly dropped his famous adopted stage name in favour of the one he was born with — plain David Jones. @highlight Rock star was spotted in a tatty hooded top in New York @highlight London-born musician's last public performance was six years ago @highlight He has apparently not written a song since 2003 @highlight He turned down a plea to appear at the Olympics Closing Ceremony	New York
question: A @placeholder spokeswoman said the school suspended Markoff, who has no criminal record, when it learned of the charges on Monday. context: BOSTON, Massachusetts (CNN) -- A 22-year-old medical student suspected of killing a woman he may have met through a Craigslist online ad was arraigned Tuesday and will be held without bail. Medical student Philip Markoff, 22, appears in court Tuesday in Boston, Massachusetts. Philip Markoff, a second-year student at Boston University's School of Medicine, listened intently but did not speak during the hearing in Boston Municipal Court. Dressed in a blue-striped shirt and slacks, Markoff was handcuffed and wearing leg irons. His attorney, John Salsberg, told reporters after the hearing that Markoff is "not guilty of the charges. He has his family's support. I have not received any document or report or piece of evidence other than what I heard in the courtroom. All I have at the moment are words -- no proof of anything." @highlight Not-guilty plea entered in Philip Markoff's behalf in woman's slaying in Boston @highlight Prosecutors say semiautomatic firearm found in search of student's home @highlight CEO says Craigslist looking for ways to make site safer in wake of killing @highlight E-mail from suspect's fiancee says police have "wrong man"	Boston University
question: @placeholder forces will take the lead in combat missions throughout the country starting in spring, instead of midyear as was previously expected. context: (CNN) -- More than 11 years after the start of the war in Afghanistan, there is some cause to celebrate and some reason to worry. But more than anything, maybe, there are questions. Those questions were on display Friday as Presidents Barack Obama and Hamid Karzai met in Washington to discuss the future of Afghanistan and the United States' role there. Some celebration is justified. Osama bin Laden is dead. Al Qaeda in Afghanistan is gasping for air. Before the United States invaded in 2001, the Taliban forbade women to even come out of their homes. Now women have more freedom -- more than 2 million girls are going to school. More than 300,000 Afghan children who live in the country are on Facebook. @highlight NEW: The two presidents agree to accelerate the military transition @highlight The White House has floated the idea of leaving no troops in Afghanistan after 2014 @highlight Questions include who will follow Karzai and how much it will cost @highlight Polls show a low level of interest in the war among Americans	Afghan
question: Sitting with her at her suite in the Ritz on Sunday night, @placeholder was the last person to visit her as she neared the end of her life. context: By Larisa Brown PUBLISHED: 18:38 EST, 10 April 2013 | UPDATED: 08:37 EST, 11 April 2013 Baroness Thatcher smiled as she watched a video of playful puppies in the final hours before her death, it emerged last night. It was thought to be her last sign of contentment and she shared it with her trusted friend and former adviser Lord Powell, who visited her often at the Ritz hotel. The video was of eight biscuit-coloured Dachshund puppies and their mother, belonging to Lady Powell, the Italian wife of the former prime minister’s trusted Downing Street private secretary. Friends: Lord Powell is pictured with Baroness Thatcher in March 2000. He served as her private secretary @highlight Video was of eight biscuit-coloured Dachshund puppies and their mother @highlight They belonged to Lady Powell, wife of Thatcher's No 10 private secretary @highlight Lord Powell showed the video in her suite at Ritz in London on Sunday @highlight But he told his wife after their meeting that Thatcher was 'drifting away'	Lord Powell
question: Challenged about these allegations in the witness box, @placeholder denied saying this and then. context: It should have been a time to savour the pinnacle of her career, but instead Robyn Gardiner's glittering world has turned to dust. Just weeks ago, the celebrity agent was lovingly thanked by Cate Blanchett as the actress accepted an Academy Award for best actress at a glittering Oscars ceremony. Now Gardiner's life - as a successful businesswoman and partner to a successful actor - has come crashing down as her husband Robert Hughes faces years in prison as a reviled child sex offender. It has also been claimed that Gardiner was told about her husband's sexual approaches to children on the set of his sitcom Hey Dad! 20 years ago. @highlight Friend claims she told celebrity agent Robyn Gardiner 20 years ago of actor husband's child sex allegations @highlight Gardiner is Oscar winner Cate Blanchett's much-loved representative @highlight Spouse of 40 years Robert Hughes awaits sentence for molesting girls aged seven to 15 @highlight One-time high flying couple's glittering world has turned to dust @highlight Gardiner's denial cost her friendship, casting agent Liz Mullinar claims	Gardiner
question: After pointing out that @placeholder have throughout the centuries taken much worse persecution (and, I might add, dished out a bit, too) he concluded, "If our Christmas is going to be all about getting upset at people trying to take away Christmas, isn't that silly, too?" context: No Christmas is complete without a war on Christmas, and this year it's being fought on several fronts. NPR reported the White House attacking Republican intransigence over the debt talks in a report with a section titled "The Holiday Season is No Time to Threaten Middle-Class Pocketbooks." That prompted the Daily Caller to respond with the headline, "Disagreeing with Obama can ruin Christmas, says White House report." In the eyes of some liberals, the Republicans have become the party of the Grinch. This must be news to conservatives who have always insisted that it's the Democrats who want to steal Christmas. To them, the war is being waged by liberal secularists against patriotic American Christians who want to celebrate the holiday loudly and publicly in the way Baby Jesus intended. Pat Robertson has hit out at those "miserable" atheists and Fox News has gone after Rhode Island Gov. Lincoln Chafee for deciding not to host a Christmas tree lighting ceremony. @highlight Tim Stanley: It's not Christmas without "War on Christmas," a cooked up culture crisis @highlight This time, politics in mix, with White House, others using holidays to score points, he says @highlight He says "war" really reflects failure to reconcile different interests in democratic society @highlight Stanley: Battle is over what goes on in public sphere. One solution? Have sense of humor	Christians
