I am trying to locate the web site for the National Softball Association?  Try http://www.playnsa.com/. Hope this helps. Good Luck: Blueladybug	sports
What are some good sites that show how to do guy-girl partner stunting for cheerleading HS level?  Try this site... http://acrocheer.org/Stunts/	sports
Who is the coolest footballer?  it gotta be ronaldinho..he grins all the time..hahaha:p	sports
Swiss just won 2 to 0 against 0. does this mean swiss and korea are guarenteed to go to top 16? france has nobody to play against and togo is eliminated It's impossible for France to have 4 points. What is possible is all teams finishing with 5 points.\n\nFrance has one game left, against Togo. In order for France to qualify they have to win that match by two goals or win by one while scoring at least three more goals than South Korea in the match against Switzerland in the event of that match finishing in a draw.\n\nIf France beats Togo and the Switzerland - South Korea has a winner too, that winner and France will progress.\n\nThis has all to do with goal differential. If, though, there is a draw in the Switzerland - South Korea match and France beats Togo by one goal while scoring two more than South Korea (say, South Korea draws 0-0 and France wins 2-1) they'll be tied in points (5), goals (3 scored - 2 conceded) and head-to-head record (1-1 draw). So lots would be drawn in that event.	sports
Will Barry Bonds hit at least a home run tonight (5/8) or tomorrow (5/9)?  I hope he hits 715 on saturday caz I'm going to that game. That would be SO SWEET!\n\nO Yeah and Jason "hes not playing tonight and even if he did he wouldnt cuz roy oswalt would own him" \n\nYou said that but Barry is 4 for 4 lifetime vs Oswalt so maybe you should re think that statement.	sports
Why are indoor water parks better than outdoor?  You don`t get sunburned and they`re opened even in the rain.\nIf you get tired ,you can go to your room.\nThey cost more ,so there is a better class of people there.	sports
Does anyone know the email address of the International Basketball Association in the Philippines?  In the Philippines, the professional basketball league is called Philippine Basketball Association.  I checked out their website: http://www.pba.ph.  Unfortunately, it did not give out any email address.  All I can give you is their business address and contact numbers.\n\nPhilippine Basketball Association\n3rd Floor Building A\nPhilsports (PSC) Complex, Meralco Avenue\nPasig City, Philippines\n\nTelephone Nos. \n+632 6381815 \n+632 6381816 \n+632 6381817 \n\nFax No. \n+632 6347584 \n\nHope the information would help.	sports
do manchester united buy javier maschereno? manchester united dont have defensive midfielder,it possible to have maschereno or another player to strength the squad.The position is blank and must get another player such him to cover it. yeah i really hope manu do get him i have seen him play quite a few times and am sure that he has the quality to go on and replace Roy Kean in the long term and with him being so young he could be a real engine in our team for a good ten years to come.	sports
I'm looking for the Ohio Inter-city Bowling Tournament that is being held in Toledo Ohio at New Glass Lanes  Have you tried calling them? I found this in the yellow pages:\n\nNew Glass Bowl Lanes\nPhone: 419-476-4001\n5133 Telegraph Rd\nToledo OH 43612-3535	sports
Australia Vs Brazil? Does _anyone_ truly believe the socceroo's stand a chance against brazil?\n\nI would love it if they did, but they don't really stand a chance do they? in romanian we say: " A small leak will sink a great ship"!We will see!!!	sports
Where can I purchase a ram-air hood for my '04 grand prix?  http://www.lmperformance.com/5807/12.html	sports
Will ND cover the point spread against Air force?  probably will its just simple for them to cover b/c of the Louiville loss	sports
how do I mount a riflescope? instructions on mounting riflescopes here are a few links that might help	sports
how many days will Totti stay at home without playing football?  The last information 2 months	sports
Do you think the new ECW promotion will last? Also do you think that the WWE Creative team will mess up the future storyline of Degenration X (HHH and Shawn Michaels) they also might hire X-Pac back? YES.....	sports
what baseball players will be at he 2006 all-star fest in pittsburgh.? i live in pittsburgh and i will go probably more than once. once for autographs(the lines will take up all my time) and once for all other attractions. i was just wondering who will be there. i will keep my fingers crossed for jason bay and bill mazeroski. maby even zach duke what potential there. the thing said present and future stars. The list of events and people are on the Pittsburgh Pirates website.  I will be a volunteer at the FanFest and will know more after our training next week.	sports
Are there other causes of blocked fallopian tubes besides chlamydia? Will my friend still have any chances of having a baby in the future after that blocked fallopian tubes? She would need to get a hysterosalpingogram to find out why they are blocked or to find out if they are kinked, the dye used in this test will sometimes unclog them, if not there are other procedures...she should be able to conceive.	health
why on earth are you still awake? are you addicted to yahoo answers? or are you infatuated and cant sleep? It only 8:05 p.m. here.	health
Can cocaine really make you lose weight, and if so how much do you have to do? I am doing a research paper of the drug! Talking about how young girls do the drug to lose weight. As with most other habit-forming drugs, frequent use of cocaine causes the user to focus mainly on the high received from that drug, and other needs take a lower priority (sometimes much lower).  In this case, a cocaine user might be more concerned with the high from the cocaine that he or she uses it to "replace" most of his or her food intake.  Even basic personal hygiene, such as bathing and brushing one's teeth, might be lower on their list of priorities because in their minds: "They gotta have that high!"\n\nAs with other things in life, misinformation can really prove detrimental.  It's sad to see the way some people fall into traps like this, with very minimal chances of getting out.	health
I want to get breast implants and buttocks implants. I need more of a woman's shape.?  i'm the opposite, i need to get a breast reduction casue i need less shape, and ache!!	health
Wondering?? If u r 110ish and 5'3" is that healthy? Yes that is healthy.  Depending on your bone size you don't want to be to heavy.  To find out about your bone size take one have using you thumb and pointer circle your wrist.  If you have room then you are small boned.  If you fits perfectly then you are med boned and if you can not touch your fingers than you are large boned.\n\nThe info below can calculate for you.	health
What's the proof a man is not virgin anymore ? Physiological proof... there is none	health
does aflac pay in full, or periodically....for an injury?  I work at the wwhq and from what I understand they pay in full. I am not totally sure but I can check tomorrow and see.	health
what is the process of parkingson desease?  1.  Stage One\n      1.  Signs and symptoms on one side only\n      2.  Symptoms mild\n      3.  Symptoms inconvenient but not disabling\n      4.  Usually presents with tremor of one limb\n      5.  Friends have noticed changes in posture, locomotion and facial expression\n\n2.  Stage Two\n      1.  Symptoms are bilateral\n      2.  Minimal disability\n      3.  Posture and gait affected\n\n3.  Stage Three\n      1.  Significant slowing of body movements\n      2.  Early impairment of equilibrium on walking or standing\n      3.  Generalized dysfunction that is moderately severe \n\n4.  Stage Four\n      1.  Severe symptoms \n      2.  Can still walk to a limited extent \n      3.  Rigidity and bradykinesia\n      4.  No longer able to live alone\n      5.  Tremor may be less than earlier stages\n\n5.  Stage Five\n      1.  Cachectic stage\n      2.  Invalidism complete\n      3.  Cannot stand or walk\n      4.  Requires constant nursing care\n\nThis rating system has been largely supplanted by the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale, which is much more complicated.\n\n\n\n--------------------------------------------------------------------------------	health
dose anyone know where i can get inexpensive contacts on-line? and that except paypal? try www.lenscrafters.com or .net	health
what is a really good colon cleanser? there are so many and some say diet pills i just want a good body cleanser and detox. Try colon X it cleans them from top to bottom.	health
How can a man prolong his power without using any medicine?  Eating balanced food and living disciplined life !	health
What medication is known for affecting hearing?  There are several medications that are known to be "ototoxic". The most famous is a class of antibiotics called aminoglycosides. These are very strong antibiotics given through an IV, they usually end in "-mycin" such as erythromycin, tobramycin and vancomycin.\n\nOther drugs include certain chemotherapy agents like bleomycin, cisplatin, and vincristine.\n\nMany other products can cause hearing loss but these are the big ones...p	health
What is the best thing for a migraine HELP!?!?!? I need something for a migraine cuz my doctor is closed for the weekend and i need something now im like willing to try anything if it will stop my head from hurting PLZ HELP ME!!!! take some strong pain killers like hydro or something to that effect	health
IS it normal? to feel bad while on a diet? i mean like headaches? is ur body withdrawing from food lol? I dont know whats happening..Im on a weightloss diet..But i have been feeling bad...am i going through withdraw from food lol? yes\ndefinitly if u stop eating some foods cold turkey	health
How much time do you have after congestive heart failure diagnosis? My father in law was diagnosed 3 years ago. Now he is barely able to walk across a room, he's dizzy all the time and they are preparing to do another heart surgery? Anyone else gone throught this and how much longer does he have? It varies with different people.  You need to talk to his doctor and treatment team.  Make sure after this surgery he gets some physicial therapy even inpatient rehab that should get his functional level up.   There are different drugs and treatments out there that can help to manage and improve his condition.  I have seen people with CHF live  a long and productive life.  It's a matter of learning to manage.  Make sure to get himself attached to a heart failure center in a reputable teaching hospital.	health
My tonsols have swollen like lemons what can I do before the clinic opens?  drink something icy cold...iced tea, water, icecream....small sipps	health
what is contained in a new DNA molecule?  a series of base nucleotides connected to each other in pairs twisted into a long spiral. Adenosine, Guanine, Thymine and Cytosine are what seperate one nucleeotide from another. Also Methy groups are often added to the end of some nucleutides, which often indicate which sections of dna not to code into genes.	science
Anyone knows about "mineral value and resistance" Plz tell me if u know? i study in Class 12(India) - have to submit (cbse) project in a month - teacher suggested to work on mineral value and resistance Does anyone know anything abot it? She said we have to find the resistance of fruits and then calculate mineral value accoringly. Plz tell me and help a needie The resistance of living cells depends on the mineral content in them like K+, Na+ etc. In order to study it, take two metal elcetrodes and measure the resistance of fruit pulp. You can get the mineral content of th pulps from standard charts. Compile your data draw graphs and derive your conclusions.	science
When was the last time you really stopped and smelled a tree branch,a bush,or a flower??? During the rain the other day the air was filled with smell of eucaulyptus.It smelled great and took me away for just a bit...Tom Science 4 I try to "Stop and Smell the Flowers" every chance I get. Even in the winter on the coldest days, you can still smell the pines, especially when it snows for some reason. I have never quite understood why. I have plants around my house and even when they are not in bloom they have an aroma. I love the smell of tomato leaves.	science
what is the cure for grey hair?  There is no cure.  There is only the cover of dye.	science
what planets are viewable with the naked eye this month?  Unfortunately, just Saturn.  (See source.)  Venus, Mars, and Jupiter are too closely in line with the Sun this month.  \n\nHowever, Mercury should be visible in the pre-dawn, later this month.\n\nWe just missed the very rare transit of the sun by Mercury on Nov. 8th (I'm kicking myself ... I saw the Venus transit a few years ago through a telescope, and it was wonderful).\n\nAnd don't miss the Leonid meteor shower on Nov. 17.  Unfortunately for me, this year the Leonids peak in the middle of the day in the U.S., but I imagine our European friends would get a good view.	science
Why doesn't a duck's quack echo? I heard that when a duck quacks, it will not echo. Is that true and where can I find research on it. It does echo. Mythbusters (the TV show) debunked the myth. Using a bunch of expensive studio equipment, they found that yes, it does echo, but the quack closely resembles the echo, enveloping it.	science
how can you pass solid matter thrue solid matter?  What we think of as solid matter really is not solid.\nEverything only APPREARS to us to be solid.\nIf we could see it as it really is, we would see what looks like soft blurry clouds with fuzzy outlines that are semi-transparant.\nIt is a function of our brains, and those of all animals brains, to "compose" these fuzzy clouds into shapes that appear to be solid.\nBecause the "strings" that make up each object are vibrating at slightly different rates from those that surround them, they repel each other.\nSo the answer is no, solid matter cannot pass through solid matter.	science
How can I make a model hermet crab? It has to be at least 10 in. and I could use anything. just make it out of clay or soap. You can carve it out of soap with a knife.	science
has anybody recently  heard about robert mallett and his experiments in time travel? i'd heard about robert mallett a couple of years ago and read about him and the experiments with light beams he was carrying out in the labs of the university where he taught. back in 2000 or 2001 he was trying to transport microobjects backwards and forewards in time. many articles had appeared about his experiments but, after that, complete silence. i also contacted him to ask his permission  to use his name in a story (i write sci-fi) and he was so kind as to answer me., but idn't mention anything about progress in his research. so i would like to know if anybody has recently heard about hium and his experiments in time travel - thanks 2006 \n\n With a brilliant idea and equations based on Einstein’s relativity theories, Ronald Mallett from the University of Connecticut has devised an experiment to observe a time traveling neutron in a circulating light beam. While his team still needs funding for the project, Mallett calculates that the possibility of time travel using this method could be verified within a decade.	science
What is the safe DC current level ?  depends on a couple o things...15ma will kill you if it high enough voltage (60 volts+) and it runs through you heart....	science
What should I do to make it snow? like snow dances, and things such as putting spoons under my pillow and wearing my pajamas backwards & inside out. As a kid I thought that if I kicked up a lot of dust and got it as high as I possibly could, that it would cause precipitation in my town.  So on below freezing days, it would snow.	science
what is the topographic relief of the Columbia River?  The river falls a total of 2,690 feet (820 m)from the source to the outfall at the Pacific Ocean. The origin of the Columbia River that flows through Washington and Oregon is generally considered to be Columbia Lake in British Columbia, Canada.  \n\nHere is a map of the entire course of the Columbia:\nhttp://www.spokaneoutdoors.com/collakmp.htm	science
does anyone know anything about fuel cells? i am doing a huge project on them for school and i have to write a 5-7 page report on them and construct a model running on fuel cells. i dont know how i am going to do it.  i am interested in this topic.  and im not sure what key points to go over i my essay.\n\nplease help Multiple NASA web sites have the info that you seek.\nGood luck with your project and let me know how it turns out?	science
What would be the answer to x - 3y= 9     -x + 2y = 1 using elimination?  Place one equation below the other and add:\nx-x elimates x\n-3y+2y = -y\n9+1 = 10\nso -y = 10\ny= -10\n\nso x --3*10 =9\nx=9-30\nx = -21	science
Anyone know how to solve thermochemistry problems??? I need to find the change in enthalpy for this equation:\nFe2O3(cr)+3CO(g)-->3CO2(g)+2Fe(cr)\nI think I'm supposed to use the "deltaH(formation)=deltaH(products)-deltaH(reactants)" formula but I'm not sure. Help is greatly appreciated!! This isn't too bad.\n\nFirst, find the enthalpy of formation for each of the reactants and products.\n\nFe2O3(cr) = -272 kJ/mol\nCO(g) = -110.525 kJ/mol\nCO2(g) = -393.509 kJ/mol\nFe = 0 kJ/mol\n\nThen add the enthalpies of formation for the reactants and subtract the enthalpies of formation for the products:\n\nFe2O3 + 3CO - (3CO2 + 2Fe)\n\n-272 kJ/mol + 3(-110.525 kJ/mol) - 3(-393.509 kJ/mol) - 2(0) = -603.575 kJ/mol - -1180.53 = -576.952 kJ/mol \n\nThat should do it.	science
What is a thesis ? Can you give me an example and a simple definiton. What would be the thesis of a report on Astronomy ? Its what you want to argue or prove...a statement that the entire paper will prove and support...THE MAIN IDEA\n\nExample- Chickens cannot fly for extended periods of time due to the evolution of farming habits, lack of muscle tissue, and wide variety in their diet.....then you explain each point...what evolution has done, why the lack muscle tissue, and how their diet consists of many things so finding food is easy...all will lead to the conclusion as to why they no longer fly	science
incoming its a joke? a woman cheats on her husband with three guys each one of them has brought her a bag of fruite the husband suddenly comes back home he watches his wife with the three of them so he decided to but whatever gifts they brought her in thier a-s-s-e-s so he started with 1st guy who has brought her strawberry and he butted all the bag in his a-s-s one by one, 2nd guy has brought bananas so he butted it in his a-s-s one by one and the guy kept laughing the husband asks what makes u laugh idiot he answered i'm laughing at the 3rd idiot who brought a watermelon. Hehe.  That's sorta funny.  If it wasnt for the confusion brought on by the lack of punctuation marks, I'd laugh even more.  (Sorry.  I'm anal rententive when it comes to grammar, ok?  I think I've got a watermelon stuck up MY a.s.s.)	entertainment and Music
Are there other fans of the band called The Samples? In college, one of my favorite bands was a group called the Samples. Since the band originally was formed here in Boulder, Colorado, I thought it was more of a local band (even though now, the band is made up mostly of VT people...where lead singer Sean Kelly lives).\n\nBut in the early 90s, they were one of the best jam bands to see live. Anyone else outside of Colorado...a fan or was a fan when they were a bit more popular in the 90s? I saw them with Widespread Panic once. They were pretty good.	entertainment and Music
Is Ian watkins bisexual?  Who is he?	entertainment and Music
So whatever happened to those "American Juniors"? It was like American Idol only its contestants were young kids and they formed a group of five. wasn't that like, those five kids, i think one was named chauncey?  idk, i think they had one cd, like, right after they were chosen, but i could be mistaken, most likely one of those "15 minute of fame" things	entertainment and Music
What happened in coronation street tonight?  gail had her concealing session with david, audrey was late & sarah didn't show, the councellor offered gail parenting classes & gail was not immpressed. audrey is walking on the wild side with what's his names dad and vera n the girls pretended to go to amsterdam then threw jack a suprise party in suprise suprise the rovers - AND - danny has pulled out of the factory sale & it looks like the ex boyfriend/ buisness partner (forgot his name as well!!) is looking for revenge - note to you GET SKY PLUS & NEVER MISS ANOTHER EPISODE	entertainment and Music
What's the name of that show? There is a show on a spanish station that involves a midget woman who plays the part of a little girl with pigtails.  Does anyone know the name of the television show and where I can find more information about it? that was on the simpsons i think its call\npetrochelly	entertainment and Music
whoever makes it,tells it not.whoever takes it,knows it not.whoever knows it ,wants it not.what is it?  counterfeit money	entertainment and Music
All the girls out there, do you find Chris Angel appealing? I do.?  Hunni he is so freaking hot, i sure as hell would not kick him out of my bed, might have to chain him there though...hmmm theres a though.lol	entertainment and Music
who is Jesse McCartneys father? A singer thet girls like Paul McCartney	entertainment and Music
What's your favorite song of the moment? Mine is Gnarls Barkley's Who Cares?  What about you? "Bossy" by Kelis.. CUZ I'M A BOSS!!!	entertainment and Music
What is the best Vampire movie ever made?  Personally I think it was Van Helsing, it was well cast and it had a lot of other characters than vampires.  I also really liked Underworld and Underworld Evolution...both great.	entertainment and Music
what is the saddest movie you have ever seen?  CRASH!!!! It's my favorite movie now!	entertainment and Music
any good music? any good music? put the categories it is in like pop or oldies or hard rock.\n\nalso tell me where i might  able to listen 2 it Live, all of there albums are different, the newer they all the lighter. there alternative, rock and probley a few more because of there varity.\n\na good rock artist that will be comeing yp soon is Michael Shapiro.\nhttp://www.michaelshapiromusic.com/ you can listen to his stuff right there.\n\nalso go to purevolume.com they have tons of artists.	entertainment and Music
How many of you use coupons for the Holiday's?  I use coupons year-round...groceries, movies, DVD rentals, Dining out, etc.  They usually have an expiry date so I can't wait until holidays.	entertainment and Music
Hey What is Courtney Callums' off of Cowbelles Dad's name? Hey I am making some sims and I need to know what Courtney and Taylor's dad's name? I am watching the movie except I forget what his name is and it won't say it again. His name was Reid Callum	entertainment and Music
do u think that trish and john cena should date?  Ummm...\n\nWho are these people?\n\n*shrugs*	entertainment and Music
