question: which Argentine boxer did Abel Laudonio challenged for the South American lightweight title context: Abel Ricardo Laudonio (30 August 1938 – 12 August 2014) was an Argentinean lightweight boxer. As an amateur he competed in the 1956 and 1960 Olympics and won a bronze medal in the lightweight division in 1960. In 1961 he turned professional and in 1965 challenged Nicolino Locche for the South American lightweight title, but lost by decision. Laudonio retired the same year with a record of 48 wins (37 by knockout), 6 losses, and 2 draws. He later ran a fitness center in Buenos Aires. Nicolino Locche (September 2, 1939 – September 7, 2005) was an Argentine boxer from Tunuyán, Mendoza who held the World Light welterweight title from 1968 to 1972. Locche is often cited as one of the finest defensive boxers of all time.	Nicolino Locche
question: What irish comedy duo has the number two Irish Christmas single in 2010? context: The Rubberbandits are an Irish comedy hip-hop duo from Limerick city. They consist of Blindboy Boatclub (real name Dave Chambers) and Mr Chrome (sometimes Bobby Chrome; real name Bob McGlynn). During performances and interviews, they conceal their identities with masks made from plastic shopping bags. They are often accompanied by DJ Willie O'DJ, a silent masked caricature of local politician Willie O'Dea (portrayed by several consecutive men, including Spin South West DJ Paul Webb). The group describe themselves as artists, and have dubbed their movement as "Gas Cuntism". "Horse Outside" is a song by Irish comedy group The Rubberbandits. It was released on 8 December 2010, after its accompanying music video was aired on RTÉ Television programme "Republic of Telly". The video gained almost 2.5 million views in ten days on video sharing site YouTube and, as of January 2017, has over 15 million views. It was targeted to become the Irish Christmas number one single of 2010, ultimately finishing second.	The Rubberbandits
question: Who has features  as a vocalist in "Let It Be" with Ferry Aid, Jim Diamond or Billy Milano? context: Billy Milano is a Bronx-born heavy metal musician now based in Austin, Texas. He is the singer and - occasionally - guitarist and bassist of crossover thrash band M.O.D., and he was also the singer of its predecessor, Stormtroopers of Death. He was also the singer of United Forces, which also featured his Stormtroopers of Death bandmate Dan Lilker. James Aaron Diamond (28 September 1951 – 8 October 2015) was a Scottish singer-songwriter, best known for his three Top 5 hits. The first was "I Won't Let You Down" (1982), as the lead singer in the trio PhD, with Tony Hymas and Simon Phillips. His solo performance, "I Should Have Known Better", was a United Kingdom No.1 in 1984. The third track was the theme song from "Boon", "Hi Ho Silver" which reached No.5 in the UK Singles Chart in 1986. He has also featured as a vocalist on the charity No.1s "You'll Never Walk Alone" with The Crowd and "Let It Be" with Ferry Aid. His last UK chart success was with "Young Love (Carry Me Away)" in 1986.	James Aaron Diamond
question: Transparent and Gates of Heaven, have which mutual genre? context: Transparent is a 2005 documentary film written, directed, and produced by Jules Rosskam. Its title is a play on the words “trans” and “parent” implying the invisibility of transgender parenting in society today. The documentary follows 19 female-to-male transsexuals from 14 different states who have given birth to, and in most cases, gone on to raise, their biological children and the challenges they face while transitioning. Gates of Heaven is a 1978 documentary film by Errol Morris about the pet cemetery business. It was made when Morris was unknown and did much to launch his career.	documentary
question: Which West Texas native born in 1987 became quarterback for Texas Tech following Cody Hodges? context: Taylor Potts (born October 13, 1987) is a former American football quarterback. He played college football at Texas Tech, and was signed by the St. Louis Rams as an undrafted free agent in 2011. He was waived during training camp, and then signed as a free agent by the San Diego Chargers in May 2012, where he was expected to compete for the third-string quarterback position. Cody Hodges (born November 20, 1982) is a philanthropist, motivational speaker, and former professional American football player, playing in the National Football League, Arena Football League, and the Arena League 2. Hodges is best known for his one season as the starting quarterback for the Texas Tech Red Raiders during the 2005 season. As a fifth year Senior, he led the nation in passing and total offense and an appearance in the 2006 Cotton Bowl Classic and a 9–3 overall record. He was the 3rd straight fifth year senior to start for Mike Leach and Texas Tech and was also the second of 4 West Texas natives to take the quarterback reins in the Leach era, along with predecessor Sonny Cumbie and successors Taylor Potts and Seth Doege.	Taylor Potts
question: Roulette is a 2013 American independent thriller–drama film written and directed by Erik Kristopher Myers, the story centers on three characters, troubled by their pasts and gambling with their lives through a game of which lethal game of chance in which a player places a single round in a revolver, spins the cylinder, places the muzzle against their head, and pulls the trigger? context: Roulette is a 2013 American independent thriller–drama film written and directed by Erik Kristopher Myers. The story centers on three characters (Mike Baldwin, Ali Lukowski, and Will Haza) troubled by their pasts and gambling with their lives through a game of Russian roulette, only to find that their lives are connected through overlapping events that have consequently brought them together. Russian roulette (Russian: Русская рулетка , "Russkaya ruletka") is a lethal game of chance in which a player places a single round in a revolver, spins the cylinder, places the muzzle against their head, and pulls the trigger. "Russian" refers to the supposed country of origin, and roulette to the element of risk-taking and the spinning of the revolver's cylinder, which is reminiscent of a spinning roulette wheel.	Russian roulette
question: What league does the team Billy Houghton made 51 appearances for play in? context: Watford Football Club is a professional football club based in Watford, Hertfordshire, England, that plays in the Premier League, the highest level in the English football league system. Founded in 1881 as Watford Rovers, the club entered the FA Cup for the first time in 1886, and the Southern League a decade later. After finishing the 1914–15 season as Southern League champions under the management of Harry Kent, Watford joined the Football League in 1920. The club played at several grounds in its early history, before moving to a permanent location at Vicarage Road in 1922, where it remains to this day. Watford spent most of the following half century in the lower divisions of The Football League, changing colours and crest on multiple occasions. Billy Houghton (born 20 February 1939 in Hemsworth, Yorkshire) is an English former professional footballer. During his career he made over 200 appearances for Barnsley, 139 appearances for Rotherham United, over 100 appearances Ipswich Town and 51 appearances for Watford.Started out at Barnsley as a part-time professional having a job in the building trade.	the Premier League
question: What is the name of the American, two-time defending, professional tennis player who is regarded by some as the greatest female tennis player of all time? context: Serena Jameka Williams (born September 26, 1981) is an American professional tennis player. The Women's Tennis Association (WTA) has ranked her world No. 1 in singles on eight occasions, from 2002 to 2017. She became the world No. 1 for the first time on July 8, 2002. On the sixth occasion, she held the ranking for 186 consecutive weeks, tying the record set by Steffi Graf for the most consecutive weeks as world No. 1 by a female tennis player. In total, she has been world No. 1 for 319 weeks, which ranks her third in the Open Era among female tennis players. Some commentators, players and sports writers regard her as the greatest female tennis player of all time. Serena Williams was the two-time defending champion, but she was defeated by 17-year-old Maria Sharapova in the final, 6–1, 6–4. This victory was hailed by the media as "the most stunning upset in memory". With this win, Sharapova, who was to become a future world No. 1, entered the top ten for the first time in her career. She also became the third-youngest woman to win Wimbledon (behind Lottie Dod and Martina Hingis), and the second Russian woman (after Anastasia Myskina won the French Open earlier that year) to win a Grand Slam title.	Serena Williams
question: Which DC superhero who was created by two high school students from Cleveland, Ohio has appeared in intercompany crossovers? context: Superman is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character was created by writer Jerry Siegel and artist Joe Shuster, high school students living in Cleveland, Ohio, in 1933. They sold Superman to Detective Comics, the future DC Comics, in 1938. Superman debuted in "Action Comics" #1 (cover-dated June 1938) and subsequently appeared in various radio serials, newspaper strips, television programs, films, and video games. With this success, Superman helped to create the superhero archetype and establish its primacy within the American comic book. The character is also referred to by such epithets as the Big Blue Boy Scout, the Man of Steel, the Man of Tomorrow, and the Last Son of Krypton. In comic books, an intercompany crossover (also called cross-company or company crossover) is a comic or series of comics where characters that at the time of publication are the property of one company meet those owned by another company (for example, DC Comics' Superman meeting Marvel's Spider-Man, or DC's Batman meeting Marvel's Wolverine). These usually occur in "one-shot" issues or miniseries (comics).	Superman
question: Who Killed Nelson Nutmeg starred the actress best known for what Harry Potter role? context: Bonnie Francesca Wright (born 17 February 1991) is a British actress, film director and model. She is best known for playing the role of Ginny Weasley in the "Harry Potter" film series, based on the "Harry Potter" novel series by British author J. K. Rowling. Who Killed Nelson Nutmeg? is a 2015 British independent family film written and directed by Tim Clague and Danny Stack and starring Bonnie Wright.	Ginny Weasley
question: Anthony Gallo worked with what group that was formed in 1995? context: Anthony Gallo (born April 10, 1965 in Los Angeles) is an American lead and rhythm guitarist who started at age 16 in the early 1980s punk scene. Gallo later progressed into heavy metal and rock as well as T.V. and Film. With a career spanning over 30 years Gallo played and recorded with New Regime, Los Cycos, Nick Menza (Megadeth), Mike Muir, Suicidal Tendencies/Los Cycos, SIN 34, Jon Nelson, Louiche Mayorga, Louis "Loud Lou" Hinzo (Würm), D.H. Peligro (Dead Kennedys), Tiny Bubz (T.S.O.L.), Phil Campbell (Motörhead), heavy metal act Cold Shot, guitarist Carlos Cavazo (Ratt, Quiet Riot), James Bradley Jr. (Crazy Town), Scott Weiland (STP/ Velvet Revolver), guitarist Christian Nesmith and Bullet Boys vocalist Marq Torien, and has appeared on Sons of Anarchy in Seasons 5 and 6 as a hang around, and Season 7, the final Ride episode 9, as an S.O.A. Indian Hills, Nevada charter member. Crazy Town is an American rap rock band, formed in 1995 by Bret Mazur and Seth Binzer. The band is best known for their 2000 hit single, "Butterfly", which reached number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart and helped their debut album, "The Gift of Game" (1999) sell over 1.5 million units. Their follow-up album, "Darkhorse" (2002) failed to achieve the same level of success, contributing to the band's break-up in 2003. Mazur and Binzer reformed the band in 2007, and released their third album, "The Brimstone Sluggers", in 2015.	Crazy Town
question: Who scripted the film adaptation of a movie based off a novel written in 1979 by Edwin Torres? context: After Hours is a 1979 American crime novel written by Edwin Torres and is the sequel to "Carlito's Way". Both novels were the basis of the 1993 Brian De Palma film "Carlito's Way". Carlito's Way is a 1993 American crime film directed by Brian De Palma, based on the novels "Carlito's Way" and "After Hours" by Judge Edwin Torres. The film adaptation was scripted by David Koepp. It stars Al Pacino, Sean Penn, Penelope Ann Miller, Luis Guzman, John Leguizamo, Jorge Porcel, Joseph Siravo and Viggo Mortensen.	David Koepp
question: Sierra Nevada National Park and Monfragüe are both what type of parks? context: The Parque Nacional de Sierra Nevada (known as the Sierra Nevada National Park in English) is a national park located in the provinces of Granada, Almería, and Málaga in Andalusia, Spain. It was declared a national park on 14 January 1999. It stretches from the Alpujarra to El Marquesado and the Lecrin Valley, covering a total area of 85,883 hectares, making it the largest national park in Spain. It incorporates the municipalities of Abla, Abrucena, Alboloduy, Alsodux, Bayárcal, Beires, Canjáyar, Fiñana, Fondón, Laujar de Andarax, Nacimiento, Ohanes, Paterna del Río, Rágol, Las Tres Villas, Aldeire, Alpujarra de La Sierra, Bérchules, Bubión, Busquístar, Cáñar, Capileira, Dílar, Dólar, Dúrcal, Ferreira, Güéjar Sierra, Huéneja, Jerez del Marquesado, Juviles, Lanjarón, Lanteira, Lecrín, Lugros, Monachil, Nevada, Nigüelas, Pampaneira, Pórtugos, Soportújar, La Taha, Trevélez, Valor and La Zubia. Monfragüe (Spanish: "Parque Nacional Monfragüe") is a Spanish national park noted for its bird-life. It is situated in the center of a triangle formed by Plasencia, Trujillo and the city of Cáceres within the province of Cáceres. Monfragüe is also a comarca (county, with no administrative role) of Extremadura, western Spain.	national park
question: What year did Svetlana Andreyevna Ivanova  star in a fim about the 2008 South Ossetia war? context: August Eighth (Russian: «Август. Восьмого» , translit. "Avgust. Vosʹmogo") (2012) is a Russian action drama film about the 2008 South Ossetia war. It was produced and directed by Dzhanik Fayziev. Svetlana Andreyevna Ivanova (Russian: Светла́на Андре́евна Ивано́ва ; born 26 September 1985) is a Russian theater and film actress. Her feature film debut was in "The 9th Company" (2005). Subsequently she starred in such films as "Franz + Polina" (2006), "August Eighth" (2011) and others. Ivanova received a number of accolades for the role of Polina in "Franz + Polina".	2012
question: In what state did the actor from the comedy film Table for Three grow up? context: Brandon James Routh (born October 9, 1979) is an American actor and former fashion model. He grew up in Iowa before moving to Los Angeles to pursue an acting career, and subsequently appeared on multiple television series throughout the early 2000s. In 2006, he gained greater recognition for his role as the titular superhero of the 2006 film "Superman Returns". He also had a recurring role in the TV series "Chuck", as Daniel Shaw. Following this, he had notable supporting roles in the films "Zack and Miri Make a Porno" and "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World". In 2014, he began a recurring role on "Arrow" as Ray Palmer/Atom which spun off into a guest role on "The Flash" and a starring role on "Legends of Tomorrow". Table for Three is a straight to DVD comedy film written and directed by Michael Samonek and starring Brandon Routh, Jesse Bradford and Sophia Bush.	Iowa
question: Which battle took place first, Battle of Tarawa or Battle of Iwo Jima? context: The Battle of Iwo Jima (19 February – 26 March 1945) was a major battle in which the United States Marine Corps landed on and eventually captured the island of Iwo Jima from the Imperial Japanese Army during World War II. The American invasion, designated Operation Detachment, had the goal of capturing the entire island, including the three Japanese-controlled airfields (including the South Field and the Central Field), to provide a staging area for attacks on the Japanese main islands. This five-week battle comprised some of the fiercest and bloodiest fighting of the Pacific War of World War II. The Battle of Tarawa was a battle in the Pacific Theater of World War II that was fought on 20–23 November 1943. It took place at the Tarawa Atoll in the Gilbert Islands, and was part of Operation Galvanic, the U.S. invasion of the Gilberts. Nearly 6,400 Japanese, Koreans, and Americans died in the fighting, mostly on and around the small island of Betio, in the extreme southwest of Tarawa Atoll.	Battle of Tarawa
question: Brad Delp and Neil Hannon, have which occupations in common? context: Bradley Edward Delp (June 12, 1951 – March 9, 2007) was an American singer and songwriter, best known as the lead vocalist of the rock bands Boston and RTZ. Edward Neil Anthony Hannon (born 7 November 1970) is a Northern Irish singer and songwriter. He is the creator and front man of the chamber pop group The Divine Comedy, and is the band's sole constant member. Hannon wrote the theme tunes for the sitcoms "Father Ted" and "The IT Crowd".	singer and songwriter
question: Customer Loyalty is an episode of The Office that guest stars which Greek-Canadian comedian? context: "Customer Loyalty" is the twelfth episode of the ninth season of the American comedy television series "The Office". The episode was written by Jonathan Green and Gabe Miller, and directed by Kelly Cantley. It originally aired on NBC on January 24, 2013. The episode guest stars Chris Diamantopoulos as Brian the boom mike operator, and Ben Silverman as Isaac, a coworker of Jim's. Christopher "Chris" Diamantopoulos (born May 9, 1975; Greek: Χριστόφορος "Κρις" Διαμαντόπουλος ) is a Greek-Canadian actor and comedian.	Christopher "Chris" Diamantopoulos
question: What date was Christian Hunter Greene drafted to the Cincinnati Reds? context: The 2017 Major League Baseball (MLB) First-Year Player Draft began on June 12, 2017. The draft assigned amateur baseball players to MLB teams. The first 36 picks, including the first round and compensatory picks, were broadcast on MLB Network on June 12, while the remainder of the draft was live streamed on MLB.com on June 13 and 14. Christian Hunter Greene (born August 6, 1999) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Cincinnati Reds organization. He attended Notre Dame High School in Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles, California. The Reds selected Greene with the second overall selection of the 2017 Major League Baseball draft.	June 12, 2017
question:  Blake Alexander Carrington is a fictional character on the ABC television series "Dynasty", created by Richard and Esther Shapiro whose role was portrayed by John Forsythe, and also appeared as a guest on several talk and variety shows and as a panelist on what type of television show? context: Blake Alexander Carrington is a fictional character on the ABC television series "Dynasty", created by Richard and Esther Shapiro. The role was portrayed by John Forsythe from the first episode of the series in 1981 until its finale in 1989. Forsythe returned for the 1991 miniseries, "". In The CW's 2017 reboot of the series, Blake will be played by Grant Show. John Forsythe (born either John Lincoln Freund or Jacob Lincoln Freund; January 29, 1918 – April 1, 2010) was an American stage, film/television actor, producer, narrator, drama teacher and philanthropist whose career spanned six decades. He also appeared as a guest on several talk and variety shows and as a panelist on numerous game shows.	game shows
question: What church based in Egypt, Northeast Africa and the Middle East, also features the former Christian diocese, Diocese of Buto?  context: The Diocese of Buto (Latin Butus, Greek Butos) is a former Christian diocese and titular see of both the Roman Catholic and Coptic Orthodox Churches, with see in the Ancient City of Buto in the Nile Delta of Egypt. The Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria is an Oriental Orthodox Christian church based in Egypt, Northeast Africa and the Middle East. The head of the Church and the See of Alexandria is the Patriarch of Alexandria on the Holy See of Saint Mark, who also carries the title of Coptic Pope. The See of Alexandria is titular, and today the Coptic Pope presides from Saint Mark's Coptic Orthodox Cathedral in the Abbassia District in Cairo. With 18–22 million members worldwide, whereof about 20 million are in Egypt (see Demographics section below), it is the country's largest Christian church.	Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria
question: When was the amusement zone founded at which the mummified body of Elmer McCurdy was positively identified in 1976, founded ? context: Elmer J. McCurdy (January 1, 1880 – October 7, 1911) was an American bank and train robber who was killed in a shoot-out with police after robbing a Katy Train in Oklahoma in October 1911. Dubbed "The Bandit Who Wouldn't Give Up", his mummified body was first put on display at an Oklahoma funeral home and then became a fixture on the traveling carnival and sideshow circuit during the 1920s through the 1960s. After changing ownership several times, McCurdy's remains eventually wound up at The Pike amusement zone in Long Beach, California where they were discovered by a film crew and positively identified in December 1976. The Pike was an amusement zone in Long Beach, California. The Pike was founded in 1902 along the shoreline south of Ocean Boulevard with several independent arcades, food stands, gift shops, a variety of rides and a grand bath house. It was most noted for the "Cyclone Racer" (1930–1968), a large wooden dual-track roller coaster, built out on pilings over the water.	1902
question: What do FPT University in Vietnam and University of Delaware have in common? context: The University of Delaware (colloquially "UD") is the largest university in Delaware. The main campus is in Newark, with satellite campuses in Dover, Wilmington, Lewes, and Georgetown. It is considered a large institution with approximately 18,500 undergraduate and 4,500 graduate students. UD is a privately governed university which receives public funding for being a land-grant, sea-grant, space-grant and urban-grant state-supported research institution. FPT University is a private university in Vietnam. FPT University is a member of FPT Group and has campuses in Hanoi (main), Ho Chi Minh City and Da Nang.	privately governed
question: What type of motor racing is Scott Moran famous for? context: Hillclimbing (also known as hill climbing, speed hillclimbing or speed hill climbing) is a branch of motorsport in which drivers compete against the clock to complete an uphill course. Scott Moran (born 1976 ) is a British hillclimb driver, based in Ludlow, Shropshire. Scott Moran has won the British Hill Climb Championship six times (2008, 2009, 2011, 2013, 2014 & 2016) driving the Gould GR61X he shares with his father, 1997 British Champion Roger Moran. For some years Scott was the junior partner, but in 2006 he finished ahead in the British Championship standings for the first time, coming second with Roger third. In 2007 he finished second to Martin Groves and in 2008 sealed the championship at Gurston Down.	Hillclimbing
question: Who received a manuscript about Adolf Eichmann given to him by Hugo Byttebier? context: Otto Adolf Eichmann (] ; 19 March 1906 – 1 June 1962) was a German Nazi SS-"Obersturmbannführer" (lieutenant colonel) and one of the major organizers of the Holocaust. Eichmann was tasked by SS-"Obergruppenführer" (general/lieutenant general) Reinhard Heydrich with facilitating and managing the logistics involved in the mass deportation of Jews to ghettos and extermination camps in German-occupied Eastern Europe during World War II. In 1960, Eichmann was captured in Argentina by the Mossad, Israel's intelligence service. Following a widely publicised trial in Israel, he was found guilty of war crimes and hanged in 1962. Hugo Byttebier (Heestert, ? – Argentina, 25 March 1962) was a Belgian who served in the German SS. He ended up having a footnote in the history of Holocaust denial: it was he who gave the manuscripts of Adolf Eichmann to the English writer David Irving.	David Irving
question: Who was the main rival of Johnny Torrio and Al Capone during the Chicago bootlegging wars of the 1920s? context: Charles Dean O'Banion (July 8, 1892 – November 10, 1924) was an American mobster who was the main rival of Johnny Torrio and Al Capone during the brutal Chicago bootlegging wars of the 1920s. The newspapers of his day made him better known as Dion O'Banion, although he never went by that first name. He led the North Side Gang until 1924, when he was murdered, reportedly by Frankie Yale, John Scalise and Albert Anselmi. John Torrio (January 20, 1882 – April 16, 1957) also known as "Papa Johnny", "The Fox", and "The Immune", was an Italian-American mobster who helped build a criminal empire, the Chicago Outfit, in the 1920s; it was later inherited by his protégé, Al Capone. He also put forth the idea of the National Crime Syndicate in the 1930s and later became an unofficial adviser to the Genovese crime family.	Charles Dean O'Banion
question: Which position did this footballer play, who along with Wynton Rufer scored a goal during the 1992 European Cup Winners' Cup Final? context: The 1992 European Cup Winners' Cup Final was a football match contested between Werder Bremen of Germany (who qualified for the tournament through the West German berth) and Monaco of France. It was the final match of the 1991–92 European Cup Winners' Cup and the 32nd European Cup Winners' Cup Final. The final was held at Estádio da Luz in Lisbon. Bremen won the match 2–0 thanks to goals of Klaus Allofs and Wynton Rufer. Klaus Allofs (born 5 December 1956) is a retired German footballer who played as a striker.	striker
question: When was the American child beauty pageant queen born who was killed in her family's home in Boulder and who'smother was Patricia Ann? context: Patricia Ann "Patsy" Ramsey (née Paugh; December 29, 1956 – June 24, 2006) was an American beauty pageant winner, who, at the age of 20 in 1977, was selected as Miss West Virginia. She was best known as the mother of JonBenét Ramsey, a 6-year-old child beauty pageant queen who was murdered on December 25/26, 1996. JonBenét Patricia Ramsey ( ; August 6, 1990 – December 25 or 26, 1996) was an American child beauty pageant queen who was killed in her family's home in Boulder, Colorado, on the night of December 25–26, 1996, at the age of six. A lengthy ransom note was found in the house, and her father, John Ramsey, found JonBenét's body in the basement of their house about eight hours after she was reported missing. She sustained a broken skull from a blow to the head and had been strangled; a garrote was found tied around her neck. The autopsy report stated that the official cause of death was "asphyxia by strangulation associated with craniocerebral trauma". Her death was classified as a homicide. The case generated nationwide public and media interest, in part because her mother Patsy Ramsey (herself a former beauty queen) had entered JonBenét in a series of child beauty pageants. The case still remains an open investigation with the Boulder Police Department.	August 6, 1990
question: The actor that played Larry "Pinto" Kroger in "Animal House" stars with Robert De Niro and Kenneth Branagh in a 1994 horror film directed by who? context: Mary Shelley's Frankenstein is a 1994 horror drama film directed by Kenneth Branagh and starring Robert De Niro, Kenneth Branagh, Tom Hulce, Helena Bonham Carter, Ian Holm, John Cleese, and Aidan Quinn. The picture was produced on a budget of $45 million and is considered the most faithful film adaptation of Mary Shelley's novel "Frankenstein; or, The Modern Prometheus", despite several differences and additions in plot from the novel. Thomas Edward "Tom" Hulce ( ; born December 6, 1953) is an American actor and theater producer. As an actor, he is best known for his role as Larry "Pinto" Kroger in "Animal House" (1978), his Academy Award-nominated portrayal of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart in "Amadeus" (1984), and his role as Quasimodo in Disney's "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" (1996). Additional acting awards included four Golden Globe nominations, an Emmy Award, and a Tony Award. Hulce retired from acting in the mid-1990s to focus on stage directing and producing. In 2007, he won a Tony Award as a lead producer of the Broadway musical "Spring Awakening".	Kenneth Branagh
question: Which abbey constructed the castle located in Dalton Town with Newton? context: Dalton Castle is a grade I listed 14th-century peel tower situated in Dalton-in-Furness, Cumbria, England, and in the ownership of the National Trust. It was constructed by the monks of Furness Abbey for the protection of the nearby market town, and was the building from which the Abbot administered the area and dispensed justice. Dalton Town with Newton is a civil parish in the Borough of Barrow-in-Furness in Cumbria, England. It contains 70 listed buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England. Of these, one is listed at Grade I, the highest of the three grades, two are at Grade II*, the middle grade, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade. The parish contains the market town of Dalton-in-Furness and surrounding countryside. Most of the listed buildings are houses and shops in or near the centre of the town. The oldest listed building is Dalton Castle, a free-standing tower in the centre of the town. Other listed buildings include a country house and associated structures, a farm and farm buildings, public houses, churches, a lime kiln, a pinfold, a market cross, public buildings, schools, a bank, and a war memorial.	Furness Abbey
question: The Apples in Stereo and SafetySuit are both what? context: SafetySuit is an American pop rock and alternative rock band from Tulsa, Oklahoma, currently based in Nashville, Tennessee. Their 2008 major label debut album "Life Left to Go" featured songs "Stay" and "Someone Like You", the former first achieving fame by climbing to No. 1 on the VH1 Top 20 Video Countdown. In January 2012, SafetySuit followed with their second album "These Times", notable for its songs "Let Go" and "These Times". The album peaked at No. 7 on the "Billboard" 200 and topped the iTunes album chart. Several singles from each of their albums have charted and have been featured on television shows such as "Kyle XY" and "The Hills". Both album releases were met highly favorably by critics, and the band is known for its very energetic live performances. They have toured with many notable artists including 3 Doors Down, The Script, Collective Soul, Ryan Star, Hoobastank, Parachute, Daughtry, and the Goo Goo Dolls. The Apples in Stereo, styled as The Apples in stereo, are an American rock band associated with Elephant Six Collective, a group of bands also including Neutral Milk Hotel and The Olivia Tremor Control. The band is largely a product of lead vocalist/guitarist/producer Robert Schneider, who writes the majority of the band's music and lyrics. Currently, The Apples in Stereo also includes longstanding members John Hill (rhythm guitar) and Eric Allen (bass), as well as more recent members John Dufilho (drums), John Ferguson (keyboards), and Ben Phelan (keyboards/guitar/trumpet).	rock band
question: The 21 Irrefutable Laws of Leadership: Follow Them and People Will Follow You is a 1998 book written by John C. Maxwell, professional basketball player Harrison Barnes read and spoke positively of the book, Harrison Bryce Jordan Barnes (born May 30, 1992) is an American professional basketball player for the which city's team, of the National Basketball Association (NBA)? context: Harrison Bryce Jordan Barnes (born May 30, 1992) is an American professional basketball player for the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played college basketball for the North Carolina Tar Heels before being selected by the Golden State Warriors in the first round of the 2012 NBA draft with the seventh overall pick. Barnes won an NBA championship with the Warriors in 2015. The 21 Irrefutable Laws of Leadership: Follow Them and People Will Follow You is a 1998 book written by John C. Maxwell and published by Thomas Nelson. It is one of several books by Maxwell on the subject of leadership. It is the book for which he is best-known. The book was listed on "The New York Times" Best Seller list in April 1999 after marketing company ResultSource manipulated the list by making it look like copies of "The 21 Irrefutable Laws of Leadership" had been purchased by thousands of individuals when, in actuality, ResultSource had simply made a bulk order of the book. The book had sold more than one million copies by 2015. Christian businessperson John Faulkner was inspired to found Christian business magazine "TwoTen" when he read "The 21 Irrefutable Laws of Leadership". Professional basketball player Harrison Barnes read and spoke positively of the book. Annie Grevers of "Swimming World Magazine" wrote of Maxwell's book, "it's cheesy, but ... it did me some good". Columnist Michael Hiltzik of the "Los Angeles Times" criticized Maxwell for including in the book "the insidious subtext ... that externalities have nothing to do with your failure", an assertion that Hiltzik argues research studies have demonstrated to be false.	Dallas Mavericks
