It could be because he has feelings for you, which you truly don't reciprocate, or it could be because you don't want to impair your friendship. If you have feelings for him, then tell him! He will not feel the same towards you if you reject him, so don't expect things to be exactly the same between the two of you. He may avoid you, or even harbour feelings of hatred, because you two were so close.   Studies have shown that men often mistake signs of friendship as signs of desire, so don't expect your guy to be all happy when you reject him. He honestly thought you two could have something special.      ; , If your friendship up until that point had been extremely fun and witty and open, then expect that to continue. Tell him how you feel, and then arrange the date. This should be easy since you know each other well! Keep things the way they used to be, and try to keep the laughter in your relationship until the big date.  "I don't know; where do you wanna go?" situation. You know each other really well at this point, so you should know where the best situation would be. Classic date-situations are movies, ice-skating, dinners, bowling, entertainment parks, walking around town, and even tutoring. Tutoring may sound kind of lame, but if one of you is smarter than the other in certain areas, then try to play to that aspect. Teach each other something, shared learning will help secures your bond. Bowling is fun because it sparks a friendly competition that will help keep conversation rolling. Ice skating is perfect in this scenario, because then there is an excuse for you to hold hands, and the cold can encourage cuddling .  If you and your date are already best friends, then you are probably in the same group of friends, and it's best to keep things personal and private for awhile. If things don't work out, then you don't want to have to go through the agony of telling everybody why not.  Jeans are always fine in a casual date between you and your best friend, as long as you have a little bit more of a dressy top, like a shirt with sequins, or a nice necklace with a sweet tank-top and cardigan.   Try to let your personality shine through, so that your boy knows that you're still who he thinks you are, and that the only thing that has changed is how you're going to act towards each other. A skirt is fine, but don't go all the way with a dress. That says "Ok, I am trying way to hard, and I am extremely nervous". Unless you're at prom, or a dinner, or a party. Hopefully, it should be just the two of you for a first date. Anything else isn't private enough. Keep it simple, although less casual than usual.  When he arrives, and this will probably be the first time you see each other after the date-arrangement, don't be awkward. Show that you're still you, but that your feelings for him, are really there, and so that will eliminate his nervousness.  Don't be in a hurry to change his status with them until you are more comfortable with the relationship.  That does not mean, however, old boyfriends, intimate gossip, school, or anything else that you usually talk about. You can bring back old jokes, and relive old memories, and talk about yourselves. You need to get to know each other all over again, but in a different light. Don't talk about your grades, because you probably know a lot about each other already! Talk about new things, and what you think of each other.  That doesn't mean groping, or else he will definitely think that you're not the person he thought he knew, and the end of your relationship in definite. Touch his arm when you want his attention, or when you're trying to make a point. Keep it above the waist, guys.  This one is important; if you get this wrong, your relationship may not work out. It has to be sweet and innocent, not a wet fish. No tongues. Go for about a 10 second kiss, at some point during your date.   Keep the lips firm, yet open. Don't let your mouth hang open, but don't be tight-lipped. You don't want your guy to think that you don't like them. If you're going in for a second kiss, go for another 10-20 second one. No tongues on the first date.       You don't want him to think that you're different than who he thinks you are, which is why he likes you! At the end of the date, hopefully you can both say that you've had a lot of fun, like you used to, yet your romance was the key ingredient. You're still best friends, except you're more now, so hugging is great too.  He will probably be punching the air, except you don't need to know that, in his oh-so-manly opinion. Don't worry; it's a good thing!  , You have to be comfortable with each other in public. Make sure people know that you're a couple, and be happy about it. Don't shut out your other friends, but make sure they know that you two are sort of in the love bubble.	If you don't want to date him, then tell him. If you do want to date your best friend, then tell him straight away!, Talk about where you'd like to go, and try to avoid the "Where do you wanna go?", Once you've decided about where you'd like to go with your guy, don't immediately tell all of your friends. Pick out something to wear a few days before, and make sure it's something comfortable, but a little bit more dressy. On the day of your date, make sure you're relaxed enough to be around him. If he's your friend, he should have already met your parents. On your date, to show him that you really like him, talk about slightly more personal things than you would usually talk about. Touch him more than you usually do. The first kiss. Leave him some special message after the date, to know that he's secure in your affections. After the first date, one or two more dates is great, but not necessary, and then the group situation has to happen.
Excel can work with multiple worksheets within a single workbook, or with multiple workbooks, but you'll find comparing the lists easier if you copy their information onto a single worksheet.; , If your two lists don't share a common way to identify them, you may need to add an additional column to each data list that identifies that item to Excel so that it can see if an item in a given list is related to an item in the other list. The nature of this identifier will depend on the kind of data you are trying to match. You will need an identifier for each column list.   For financial data associated with a given period, such as with tax records, this could be the description of an asset, the date the asset was acquired, or both. In some cases, an entry may be identified with a code number; however, if the same system is not used for both lists, this identifier may create matches where there are none or ignore matches that should be made. In some cases, you can take items from one list and combine them with items from another list to create an identifier, such as a physical asset description and the year it was purchased. To create such an identifier, you concatenate (add, combine) data from two or more cells using the ampersand (&). To combine an item description in cell F3 with a date in cell G3, separated by a space, you'd enter the formula '=F3&" "&G3' in another cell in that row, such as E3. If you wanted to include only the year in the identifier (because one list uses full dates and the other uses only years), you'd include the YEAR function by entering '=F3&" "&YEAR(G3)' in cell E3 instead. (Do not include the single quotes; they are there only to indicate the example.) Once you've created the formula, you can copy it into all other cells of the identifier column by selecting the cell with the formula and dragging the fill handle over the other cells of the column where you want to copy the formula. When you release your mouse button, each cell you dragged over will be populated with the formula, with the cell references adjusted to the appropriate cells in the same row.  While the mind recognizes that "Inc." and "Incorporated" mean the same thing, Excel doesn't unless you have it re-format one word or the other. Likewise, you may consider values such as $11,950 and $11,999.95 as close enough to match, but Excel won't unless you tell it to.   You can deal with some abbreviations, such as "Co" for "Company" and "Inc" for "Incorporated by using LEFT string function to truncate the additional characters. Other abbreviations, such as "Assn" for "Association," may best be dealt with by establishing a data entry style guide and then writing a program to look up and correct improper formats. For strings of numbers, such as ZIP codes where some entries include the ZIP+4 suffix and others don't, you can again use the LEFT string function to recognize and match only the primary ZIP codes. To have Excel recognize numeric values that are close but not the same, you can use the ROUND function to round close values to the same number and match them. Extra spaces, such as typing two spaces between words instead of one, can be removed by using the TRIM function.  Just as you had to create columns for the list identifiers, you'll need to create columns for the formula that does the comparing for you. You'll need one column for each list.   You'll want to label these columns with something like "Missing?"  , For the comparison formula, you'll use the MATCH function nested inside another Excel function, ISNA.   The formula takes the form of "=ISNA(MATCH(G3,$L$3:$L$14,FALSE))", where a cell of the identifier column of the first list is compared against each of the identifiers in the second list to see if it matches one of them. If it doesn't match, a record is missing, and the word "TRUE" will be displayed in that cell. If it does match, the record is present, and the word "FALSE" will be displayed. (When entering the formula, do not include the enclosing quotes.) You can copy the formula into the remaining cells of the column the same way you copied the cell identifier formula. In this case, only the cell reference for the identifier cell changes, as putting the dollar signs in front of the row and column references for the first and last cells in the list of the second cell identifiers makes them absolute references. You can copy the comparison formula for the first list into the first cell of the column for the second list. You'll then have to edit the cell references so that "G3" is replaced with the reference for the first identifier cell of the second list and "$L$3:$L$14" is replaced with the first and last identifier cell of the second list. (Leave the dollar signs and colon alone.) You can then copy this edited formula into the remaining cells in the comparison row of the second list.  If your lists are large, you may need to sort them to put all the non-matching values together. The instructions in the substeps below will convert the formulas to values to avoid recalculation errors, and if your lists are large, will avoid a long recalculation time.   Drag your mouse over all the cells in a list to select it. Select Copy from the Edit menu in Excel 2003 or from the Clipboard group of the Home ribbon in Excel 2007 or 2010. Select Paste Special from the Edit menu in Excel 2003 or from the Paste dropdown button in the Clipboard group of Excel 2007 or 2010s Home ribbon. Select "Values" from the Paste As list in the Paste Special dialog box. Click OK to close the dialog. Select Sort from the Data menu in Excel 2003 or the Sort and Filter group of the Data ribbon in Excel 2007 or 2010. Select "Header row" from the "My data range has" list in the Sort By dialog, select "Missing?" (or the name you actually gave the comparison column header) and click OK. Repeat these steps for the other list.  As noted previously, Excel is designed to look for exact data matches unless you set it up to look for approximate ones. Your non-match could be as simple as an accidental transposing of letters or digits. It could also be something that requires independent verification, such as checking to see if listed assets needed to be reported in the first place.	Copy the data lists onto a single worksheet. Give each list item a unique identifier. Standardize data where possible. Create columns for the comparison formula. Enter the comparison formula in each cell. Sort the lists to see non-matching values more easily, if necessary. Compare the non-matching items visually to see why they don't match.
During sleep, the skin repairs that damage. Because of this, the amount of sleep you get has a direct and visible effect on the appearance of your skin. It’s recommended that healthy adults should get between seven and nine hours of sleep every night. Aim to get a minimum of seven hours daily.Getting enough sleep can help slow down the appearance of aging skin. It also reduces stress levels, which can contribute to premature aging of the skin. Sleep deprivation can make mature skin look dull and lifeless. It may also exacerbate other skin conditions, such as acne and rosacea., When you must touch your face, such as when you’re washing it or applying skin-care products, thoroughly wash your hands with soap and warm water first.   Never squeeze or pinch at acne blemishes and avoid picking at your skin. Both of these habits can unfortunately result in permanent scarring, especially for mature skin.  As skin ages, oil production diminishes.This can leave it looking dry and dull. Combat this by keeping yourself well-hydrated every day. The daily recommended amount of fluid for healthy adults is approximately 13 cups (3 liters) for men and 9 cups (2.2 liters) for women. Try to get a large amount of your hydration from water, but beverages fruit juices, sports drinks and tea and foods that contain water (like watermelon) can also keep you hydrated.   Take in an additional 1.5 to 2.5 cups (400 to 600 milliliters) of fluids on days when you exercise or sweat more than usual., Ultraviolet (UV) rays from the sun have been proven to accelerate the aging of skin and a large amount of visible aging is directly caused by sun damage. Use a broad-spectrum sunscreen with a minimum of SPF 30 on your face and neck every day — rain or shine. If you’re planning to spend time in the sun, apply sunscreen all over your body and reapply it every couple of hours.   Whenever possible, wear sun-protective clothing, a wide-brimmed hat and sunglasses for additional defense. Try to stay out of direct sunlight for significant periods of time — look for shady areas.  Smoking will make your skin dry and your complexion dull. It contributes to premature aging, most significantly around the mouth, and causes skin to become less supple.   If you’re a smoker, talk to your doctor about smoking cessation options. If you’re not a smoker, do your best to avoid second-hand smoke.  Everyone’s skin is different, and a dermatologist can evaluate yours and offer customized suggestions and solutions. If you’ve tried OTC retinoid products and are unsatisfied with the results, a dermatologist can recommend different products or prescribe stronger retinol formulas.	Get plenty of rest.Your skin faces trauma, toxins and environmental damage every day. Avoid touching your face and squeezing blemishes.Touching your face will transfer bacteria and oil residue to your skin, which can cause breakouts and other pore-clogging issues. Stay hydrated. Protect your skin from the sun.Sun protection is crucial for mature skin. Avoid smoking cigarettes.Cigarette smoke contains harmful chemicals and toxins that damage the skin, regardless of your age; however, these damages become more significant over time. Visit a board-certified dermatologist.If you’re concerned about your skin, or if you’re seeking other solutions, make an appointment to see a dermatologist.
The game requires at least three players, and more than seven or eight makes it take too long. Ask people to play that you know will get into the spirit of a game that can get embarrassing and weird! Now you can even play with your friends through an app (see the citation) -- but it might not be as fun if you’re not face to face., Explain the game and the kinds of things you do. Let people know it’s ok to decline to play. For those who are ok with it, gather the players into a circle. Sitting on the floor or at a table is a good way to get organized. Make sure you get comfortable., Write them down so that you can refer back to them if there are questions. One popular rule lets players choose the same thing only twice in a row. For example, if they choose truth two times in a row, their next turn has to be dare. It’s important to have ground rules beforehand -- both what you should and shouldn’t do -- so that you don’t get held up discussing it once the game begins.   What kinds of questions will be off-limits (if any)? Where can dares occur? Do people have to watch the person perform the dare? Can dares involve people not in the game? Can dares be done in the presence of adults? What kinds of limits will you place on the dares? Are we going to go around in a circle or spin the bottle so the player who is answering or doing the dare is chosen randomly?	Choose your players. Make sure no one is uncomfortable before you begin. Agree to a set of rules.
No matter what type of fruit you're canning, the flavor and texture will hold up best over time if you use fruit that's perfectly ripe. Discard fruit that's overripe and bruised, and leave out fruit that's not quite ripe yet., Since each type of fruit has different properties, it's a good idea to follow a canning recipe designed just for the fruit you're preserving. For example, if you want to can applies, you might decide to process them as applesauce first. For peaches, you may want to peel and slice them before canning. Here is a list of techniques used to process different types of fruits for canning:   Can sliced apples Can applesauce Can sliced peaches Can sliced pears  Can berry jam; this works for any type of berry  Can stonefruit jam; this works for apricots, plums and peaches  , Fruit contains a lot of acid, which acts as a natural preservative and helps the fruit keep for a long time after canning. The canning method that works best for fruit is called water bath canning. This involves placing the fruit in sanitized jars and heating the jars to a certain temperature to kill off any bacteria. Once the jars are sealed, the canned fruit lasts many months. Here's what you'll need:   Boiling water bath canner or a large, deep saucepot with a lid and a rack to keep the jars from touching the bottom Glass canning jars with new lids and bands Jar lifter  , Run them through the dishwasher or wash each one with hot, soapy water, making sure to rinse them thoroughly when you're finished. Keep the jars hot until you use them by leaving them in the dishwasher or placing them in a pot filled with water that's hot, but not boiling.   Keeping the jars hot until you use them prevents jars from breaking when you pour hot fruit inside. If you poured hot fruit into a cold jar, the glass could break.  Fill the canner half-full with water and bring it to a simmer. If you're using a pot instead of a canner, place the rack inside the pot, then fill it halfway with water and bring it to a simmer.   If you don't have a rack designed for home canning, you can use a cake cooling rack, or even make a rack by tying jar bands together with string and placing them on the bottom of the pot. It's essential to use a rack of some kind to prevent the jar from touching the bottom of the pot, which could cause it to overheat.  One at a time, take a jar from the dishwasher or pot where you're keeping it warm. Set it on your workspace. Use a ladle or funnel to fill the jar with the fruit from the recipe you prepared. Use a wet cloth to wipe off any residue that gets on the rim of the jar, then place a lid on the jar and secure it with a band.   If you're canning a soft spread, like a berry or plum jam, leave 1⁄4 inch (0.6 cm) of headspace at the top of the jar. If you're canning whole or sliced fruit, leave 1⁄2 inch (1.3 cm) of headspace at the top of the jar.  Lower them onto the rack until the canner or pot has reached maximum capacity. The water should rise above the tops of the jars by at least one inch. Put the lid on the canner or pot, and make sure it's securely in place.  The canning recipe you're using will provide the correct amount of time you should boil the jars to adequately heat the fruit. The higher your altitude, the longer the amount of processing time. Check the recipe you're using and add time accordingly:   If your altitude is between 1,001 and 3,000 feet (0.0 m), add 5 minutes If your altitude is between 3,001 and 6,000 feet (0.0 m), add 10 minutes If your altitude is between 6,001 and 8,000 feet (0.0 m), add 15 minutes If your altitude is between 8,001 and 10,000 feet (0.0 m), add 20 minutes  , Set them on a towel and allow them to cool completely. Leave them undisturbed for 12 to 24 hour hours to give the lids time to fully seal.  If the jars were properly processed, the lids will have flexed inward instead of staying popped out. If you see lids that are popped out, they were improperly sealed, so you'll need to store the jar in the refrigerator and eat the fruit within a week. Jars that are properly sealed should be stored in a cool, dark place.	Choose ripe, flavourful fruit. Process the fruit according to a recipe. Prepare your canning equipment. Sanitize the canning jars. Prepare the water bath canner. Fill the jars with prepared fruit. Place the jars in the canner or pot. Bring the water to a rolling boil and begin timing the processing. Use the jar lifter to remove the jars from the canner or pot. Check the lids before storing.
You want to stand with your feet a little further apart than your shoulders. Bend your knees and curve your back so that your chest is upright, forcing your butt to stick out a little. You should be standing on your toes and ready to move in any direction in a split second.If someone were to push you while in your passing position, you should easily be able to move a foot to save you. They should be able to tap you and cause you to fall toward one direction or the other.; , Now, bend your elbows half way. You should look as though you’re holding a large box with your palms facing up. This makes it possible to pass with either your forearms or your hands in a split second decision.  Now that you have your ready position down, work on the form for passing with your forearms, or platform. Take one hand and place it flat on the other. Next, take your thumbs and have them meet in the middle. Cup your fingers, and point your thumbs away from you. Try to get your thumbs as far from your body as possible, this will straighten your arms and force your forearms up to create your platform. You always want your platform to be straight.   Try squeezing the sides of your elbows together to give you a straighter platform. If you’re double jointed, you might even be able to perfectly match up both forearms.  You always want the ball to go back into the court when you’re passing. Therefore, whichever leg is nearest the outside of the court will be the one you lead with. This will face your platform toward the court.   Stepping doesn’t require standing straight up. Stay low as the ball comes to you.  Watch the ball come over the net and onto your platform. Never look away from the ball.  As the ball falls onto your platform, be keep the angle between your arms and torso steady. You want to use your legs to lift the ball, don’t swing your arms.   Swinging your arms creates inconsistency in where your pass will go. You need very strong legs to stay low and pass correctly. Follow through to target. As you straighten your legs to move the ball, be aware of the way you’re facing. If you’re facing the target, you’ve done it correctly., Even after you pass the ball and watch it go to your target, you want to stay low and be ready for the ball to come back at you. When playing in the back row, you should never be standing straight up unless the official has blown the whistle and the play has just ended.  When preparing to set, your feet should be shoulder width apart with a slight bend in your knees. You should, once again, be on your toes and ready to move., You should have your right shoulder next to the net. Keep yourself square to the net, no matter where the ball goes along it. This ensures that you’re facing where you want the ball to go.  When setting, your thumbs and forefingers should form a triangle. This is the hand positioning you should be waiting in when the ball is coming into your setting area. Keep your hands in the shape of a ball. If you keep your fingers straight you will not only be called for illegal setting form, but you also put yourself at risk of injury.   Have your hands ready. As soon as the ball begins to come toward you, your hands should be up by your head. When first starting out, tap your thumbs to your forehead before you set each ball.  As the ball comes to you, you want to use your wrists to “accept the ball.” You aren’t allowed to hold it, but accepting the ball gives you the ability to control where you’re going to put it. Keeping your hands at forehead level will help you to have proper setting form. This will keep you from holding the ball for too long.  Just as with passing you want to use your legs to move the ball, not your arms. Although your arms will straighten as you push through the ball, the power of your set should be coming from your legs.   Release the ball cleanly. The ball should only be in your fingers for a second. Using your legs, push the ball to the spot you want it to go to. Push through your legs, tighten your abdominals, and use your arms to direct the ball. You should finish in almost a superman position. Make sure the ball has minimal spin, because the officials will call you for a double contact if the ball spins more than one full rotation.  Before you can think about hitting, you must be able to take a proper approach. Start back on the attack line with your feet next to each other at a 45 degree angle to your setter.These directions will be for righties, if you are a lefty, do the mirroring movement. Take your right foot and take a large first step. From here, take a big and powerful step onto your left foot. You should be about 3 feet away from the net at this point. Then take your right foot and quickly match it to your left foot. As you land on these two feet, your legs should be bent and ready to jump.   Use your arms to help your approach. Start with them in front of you and swing them back as you come to your last two steps of your approach. They should be fully extended behind you before you take off for your jump.  You don’t want to use your momentum to drive you forwards or you’ll jump into the net. Use your legs and arm swing to propel you up.  As you jump, pull your right arm back passed your face. Keeping your elbow up, swing toward the ball. Always keep your eye on the ball.  As you swing through the ball, you want a strong wrist. If your wrist is weak and flimsy, the ball won’t make it over the net. Using your abdominal and shoulder muscles, put your power through the ball and swing through. You should finish by landing on the ground with your arm swinging all the way through.   Hand contact is the most important part to placing the ball. Placing the ball is what will score your points. Practice hand contact by standing 20 feet from a wall, tossing a ball up, and hitting it into the corner of the floor and the wall. Try to get the entire surface of your hand on the ball at once., If your spacing is awkward, or the ball is in the wrong spot for you, you can tip the ball. This is when you tap the ball just enough to get over the block and watch it fall gently on the ground behind them.	Use the proper stance. Hold your arms in “ready position.” Using your proper stance, extend your arms straight in front of you. Learn to pass with your platform. Step forward with your outside leg. Keep your eye on the ball. Use your legs. Stay low and be ready. Use proper footwork. Square up with the net. Use the proper hand form. Accept the ball. Use your legs. Master footwork. Jump upwards. Pull your arm back. Keep your wrist strong. Tip if you need to.
Refinancing of the loan by the other person will remove your name. The refinancing party must demonstrate, to a lender, sufficient income to pay the monthly payment and refinancing costs., The refinancing party will need to submit an application for refinancing. He or she will have to attach items such as pay stubs, tax returns, credit card statements, bank statements and documentation of any other loan obligations. The lender will also check the person’s credit history and score.  If the refinancing is approved, your lender will notify you both. At this point, it is advisable to seek out an attorney to close the deal. The attorney can make sure the documentation is drafted properly. He or she will also ensure you are no longer listed on the mortgage or the property records. Make sure you receive copies of these records for your personal files.  You can contact other banks and lending institutions to try to find another lender that will approve the refinance. Note that most lenders require similar documentation such as bank statements, tax returns and pay stubs, when evaluating refinance applications.	Determine if the person staying on the mortgage can qualify to refinance the property. Apply for refinancing with existing lender. Receive approval of refinancing. Seek out other lenders if your existing lender will not refinance.
If you're not automatically logged in, follow instructions to register your phone number., It's the gear (⚙️) icon at the bottom-right of the screen., It's next to a "chat bubble" icon in the menu.,,, All the chats, including text and media, will be deleted from your device.	Open WhatsApp. Tap Settings. Tap Chats.Tap Delete All Chats.Enter your phone number. Tap Delete All Chats.
Above all, your car should be light. The smaller the mass of your car, the better — every gram or milligram you can shave off of your car's frame is a little further your mousetrap will be able to push your car. Try not to have any extra frame material beyond what's necessary to keep your mousetrap and wheel axles in place. If you see wasted space on your frame, try removing it, or, if this is impossible, make holes in it with a drill to bring its weight down. You'll also want to use the lightest material possible for your frame. Here are just a few suitable ones:   Balsa wood Hard plastic sheets Thin, light metal sheets (aluminium/tin roofing material, etc.) Building toys (K'NEX, Legos, etc.)  , Ideally, you want your car to be shaped aerodynamically — that is, so that it presents the smallest possible surface area in the direction it will travel. Like an arrow, a longboat, an airplane, or a spear, a vehicle that's designed with maximum efficiency in mind will almost always have a long, skinny shape to minimize drag from air resistance.For the purposes of your mousetrap car, this will mean making your frame both narrow (though it will be difficult to get your frame any narrower than the mousetrap itself) and vertically skinny.   Remember, to minimize drag, you're trying to give your car the narrowest, smallest profile possible. Try getting down on the ground and looking at your car from the front to spot pieces of the frame that make your car's profile unnecessarily large.  Wherever you can, try to use glue in your car's design, rather than nails, pins, or other heavier solutions. For instance, you should only need to use just a few small spots of glue to fix your mousetrap to the frame. Generally, glue will hold just as well as nails, which can add unnecessary weight.   Another advantage of glue is that it shouldn't usually affect your car's air resistance. On the other hand, if either end of a nail sticks out of your frame, it can have a minor effect.  The only limiting factor when it comes to how light and skinny you can make your mousetrap car's frame is its fragility — if it's too light, it may become so fragile that the action of springing the mousetrap breaks the car apart. The delicate balance between achieving the maximum distance and making your car unstable can be quite tricky to get right, but don't be afraid to experiment. The mousetrap itself is unlikely to ever break, so as long as you have extra frame material, you'll have the freedom to make mistakes.   If you're using an extra-fragile material like balsa wood and you're having a hard time getting your frame to hold together, consider adding a small strip of sturdier material like metal or plastic on the underside of the frame. Doing this increases the structural strength of the car while minimizing the change to its air resistance and weight.	Build the lightest frame possible. Make the frame long and narrow. Use glue instead of nails wherever possible. Keep your frame's structural integrity in mind.
If you have dry or damaged hair, you can replenish it while you sleep by applying a hair mask. Most will require you to wash your hair the next morning, so make sure you have time to do so.To keep the products in your hair, you may want to wrap it in a towel, a t-shirt, or even cellophane wrap. These products might stain your pillowcase, so be sure to protect it with a towel if you're concerned about your wrap not staying put.; , If you don't want to splurge on an expensive hair mask, you can make your own at home. Homemade hair masks are even messier than store-bought ones, so be sure to wrap your hair securely and give yourself plenty of time to wash it the next morning. You can find a variety of recipes online, but some common moisturizing ingredients include the following:Avocado Mayonnaise Olive oil Raw egg Shea butter Aloe vera Yogurt Pumpkin Banana Coconut oil Milk  , To wake up in the morning with beautiful waves, try pinning your hair up in small buns or braids before you go to sleep. You can also try wrapping your hair around a headband. In the morning, let your hair down, apply a bit of styling product if necessary, and you'll be ready to go.Depending on your hair type, you may want to apply a light hair spray, curling product, or even tanning oil to help it hold the wave.  No matter what kind of hair you have, you can help keep it looking great between shampooing by tying it up in a silk scarf before bed.If you don't want to wear a scarf to bed, try sleeping on a silk pillowcase. It will create much less friction than a cotton pillowcase, which means less frizz.	Apply a store-bought hair mask. Make your own conditioning treatment. Create waves. Banish frizz.
Every time your Pokémon fights in a battle, even if it’s only for a single turn, it will gain EV points from that battle. Because of this, you will want to be very careful about using your Pokémon in battles until they have maxed out their EVs. Only bring out your EV training Pokémon when you encounter a beneficial battle.   Each type of Pokémon will give your Pokémon different EV points when they battle. Know which Pokémon give which EV points and only fight if those are EV points that you want.  In the early stages of EV training, your Pokémon may not be able to defeat the Pokémon it needs to in order to gain the EV points you want. You can deal with this in a few ways. One way is to get an Exp. Share, which when held by a Pokémon will give it the experience and EVs from a battle even if it does not fight. Another trick is to use the Pokémon in only one round and then switch it for another, stronger Pokémon.  Some Pokémon give only 1 EV point when they are battled, while some give 3 points!If you want to EV train your Pokémon quickly, try to have them battle the Pokémon who give the most points in the stat you are trying to improve.   For example, fighting a Nidoqueen gives 3 EV points to HP, while fighting a Machamp gives 3 EV points to Attack. Keep in mind, however, that while some Pokémon may give a high number of EV points in a particular stat, those Pokémon may be hard to find. You may be better off fighting Pokémon which are easy to encounter but still give at least a point or two in the stat (or stats) you want.	Pick your battles carefully. Switch Pokémon if you need to. Fight the right Pokémon.
Do not use ammonia if your ring contains other gems besides diamonds. Diamonds are hard gems, which won’t be damaged by ammonia. If your ring includes softer materials like opals, emeralds, pearls, or onyx, you should stick to a cleaning method that doesn’t include ammonia.You can find out the hardness of gemstones by looking up their rating on a gem hardness scale. However, you should know for certain that the stones in your ring are the natural gemstones you’re identifying them as. If in doubt, use a gentler cleaning method such as soap and water instead, or consult with a professional jeweler first to verify what stones are in your ring., Fill a glass bowl with equal parts cold water and ammonia. Don’t fill the bowl all the way to the top, or you won’t be able to move the bowl easily without spilling it. Put your ring into the bowl of solution. Set the bowl somewhere away from children and pets and allow your ring to soak for 30 minutes.After half an hour, put on rubber gloves and plug the sink drain before you retrieve the ring. Or, remove the ring with tongs.  Once you’ve soaked your ring to loosen any built-up grime, it’s time to scrub that grime away! Fill a glass bowl about 3/4 full with hot water. Add a splash of ammonia and a squirt of dishwashing liquid – exact measurements aren’t needed. Just don’t pour so much ammonia that you can’t handle the strong odor of it., Wear gloves to protect your hands. Use a light scrubbing motion to clean the ring with a soft-bristled toothbrush.Clean well on the inside of the ring underneath the setting. Scrub the back of any diamonds if you can, and pay special attention to any hard-to-reach nooks., Rinse your ring in a bowl of plain water. Make sure that you rinse it well enough that all of the solution is washed away. Plug the sink drain before attempting to retrieve the ring. Set your ring aside in a secure place to air dry.You can use a dry lint-free cloth or blow dryer if you want to resume wearing the ring immediately.	Make sure your ring is compatible. Soak the jewelry in diluted ammonia. Make a scrubbing solution. Gently clean the ring. Rinse and dry the ring.
Place the mouse pointer over the line that separates the column headers for columns B and C. Click and drag the line between the B and C headers to the right to increase the width of column B by roughly double. Repeat this process to widen columns C through M.; , Click in cell B2 and type "Monthly Inventory January (Year)." Select cells B2 through D2 and press the Wrap Text button on the Alignment menu in the toolbar. Click the Merge and Center button, the Top Align button and the Align Text Left button.   Highlight the newly merged cell and select the format brush from the clipboard menu on the far left-side of the toolbar. Click and drag cells F through H to copy the title formatting. In the newly merged cell, type "Total Cost of Goods."  , Type "Quantity" in cell B3, "Product" in cell C3, "Units" in cell D3, "Previous," in cell E3, "Build To" in cell F3, "Case Price" in cell G3, "Unit Price" in cell H3, " # Sold" in cell I3, "Sales Cost" in cell J3, "Rank" in cell K3, "% of Sales" in cell L3 and "Reorder #" in cell M3.  Select cells B3 through M3 and click the Wrap Text button, the Merge and Center Button, the Top Align button, the Align Text Left button, and the Bold button on the formatting toolbar.	Adjust the column width. Enter the title, the column headings and the text. Enter the column text. Format the column headers.
You will need a clear table or a workbench, a box cutter and possibly some cardboard scissors. Although you can complete the job with box cutters, a good pair of cardboard scissors, such as Fiskars or Canary scissors, may make the job a little easier., An igloo is a traditional type of home that is made from blocks of ice, which are stacked on top of one another. It is traditionally dome shaped, with a circular floor area and one entrance. Instead of blocks of ice, you will be using layers of cardboard. However, the basic dome shape and single entrance will be the same for your cat igloo.To make the dome shape, you will have to vary the size of the layers of cardboard., If you are designing a unique cat igloo, you will need to determine the dimensions for the outer diameter (outside walls), inner diameter (inner walls) and opening or door to the igloo.Design it so that your cat has enough room to crawl and move around in the igloo.   The inner diameter should be at least 37.5 centimeters (15 inches)., The first six layers should gradually increase in size and will form the floor of the igloo. Since these layers form the floor, you will not need to cutout the inside diameter. In other words, there are no inner diameters to consider for the first six layers., You want to make the igloo wide enough so that your cat can easily enter and exit the building. Take the opening into account when designing layers 7-27.From layer 7-16, the size of the opening should gradually expand. At layer 7, the width should be 15.7 centimetres (6.18 inches). The largest width, at layer 16, should be 20 centimetres (7.8 inches). From layer 17-27, the width of the opening should gradually decrease until it is about 4 centimetres at layer 27.  The walls of the igloo are comprised of layers 7-39 of cardboard. You want to design the walls so that they slowly expand and then decrease in diameter.   Layers 7-16 should gradually increase in size to create a roomy interior. For these layers, you will need to cut out the interior diameter so that the inside of your igloo is empty. While increasing the diameter of each successive layer, you will need to maintain a consistent wall thickness of approximately 10 cm (3.9 inches).Layers 17-39 should decrease in size to create the dome shape. Once you get to layer 17, start decreasing the diameter of each layer. This will give your igloo a dome shape., The roof of the igloo is comprised of layers 40-45. For these layers, you will not need to cut out the inner diameter. Blocks of cardboard should be stacked on top of one another to form a solid roof.  Use a large compass to draw these dimensions directly onto the cardboard. After drawing the specific dimensions, write the number of the layer on the sheet so that you know where to place it during the construction phase.For the first six layers and the last five layers, you will just need to draw out the outer diameter. For layers 7-27, you will need to draw the outer diameter, inner diameter and the entrance dimensions. For layers 28-39, you will need to draw the outer and inner diameter. If you do not own a compass, you could make your own compass by attaching two clamps to a small piece of 1’’ by 3’’ wood. Place a screw under one of the clamps for the center of the compass and then a pencil under the other clamp for drawing the circles.If you make a regular size cat igloo, you will need about forty five layers of cardboard.  Use the cardboard scissors or box cutters to cut each layer of cardboard. If you are using the box cutters, remember to cut away from you, so that you don’t injure yourself. Cut along the lines you have drawn for the outer and inner diameter of the igloo. Depending on the layer, you will also need to cut out the entrance., To determine the accuracy of your work, you should stack the layers of your igloo prior to applying any glue. Following the numbers you have assigned to each layer, stack the cardboard layers in the appropriate order. After stacking each layer, you should have a dome shaped structure with a central entranceway., If everything looks good, you can go ahead and glue each layer together. Cover the top of the first layer with paper glue and then place the second layer on top. Then, cover the top of the second layer with glue and place layer three on top. Repeat this process until you have glued together all of the layers of your cat igloo., To compress the igloo and improve the drying process, you can place a few books or other heavy objects on top of the igloo. This also helps ensure adequate contact between the layers of cardboard., Leave the igloo for a few hours to let it dry. If it is a cold day or there is not a lot of air circulation, you could turn on a fan in the room where you are working.To determine the correct drying time, read the label on the glue you are using, such as tacky glue, school glue or super glue.	Put together your work area. Figure out the shape of an igloo. Review the measurements for your cat igloo. Make the floor of the igloo. Design the opening of the cat igloo. Make the walls of the igloo. Layout the roof of the igloo. Draw the dimensions onto each piece of cardboard. Cut the cardboard layers. Stack the layers. Glue the pieces together. Place a few books on top of the igloo. Let the igloo dry.
There was a beta time in AJ, and it returned.  Wear items like the necklace, tiara, or wings. Rares were not available during Beta testing as there were no Rare Item Mondays.	Dress for a Beta Party:   Wear beta items!, Do not wear rares.
In a clique there are 5 types of people, Omega, Delta, Gamma, Beta, and Alpha. Although you want to be the Alpha in the clique, each has their special role in the clique that stitches the clique so tight together.   The Alpha. The queen bee. The puppet master. This girl pulls all the strings, inside and even outside the clique. She is the mastermind and is often described as manipulative, ruthless, and a bitch. Which is why people aren't attracted to her because of her traits, it's usually because of her status. You hate her, but you love her so much. She's pretty, gets whatever she wants, and is popular. And everybody wants to be her, which means people stab her in the back frequently for a chance to be on the top. So while being the Alpha is fun and glam, it sure can be a pain. The Beta. The vice-president of the group. Although this role isn't as glamorous the Alpha is, it's much more easier as you don't have to make the decisions, just make sure the others follow that decision. She is considered the clone to the Alpha, and will basically do anything the Alpha says. She gives the Alpha all the latest drama and gossip and always keep her up-to-date. While Betas are said to be easy to control, like everyone else, they wish to rule, and sometimes if an Alpha doesn't treat her Beta right, she may stab you in the back and take over. The Gammas. The followers. They aren't fully happy with their role, because being a Gamma means you don't have a choice in what you say or do, but you are invited to most of the parties and usually know all the gossip in the circle. The Gammas wish to be the Alpha, but they all know that if they mess with the Beta/Alpha too much in the wrong way they can easily be turned into an Omega, or even worse.. kicked out of the group. So it's easier to stay the way you are, after all, it's better than not being in the group! The Deltas. The clique-crashers. They come and go, and sometimes depending on how uptight your clique is you may never even have Deltas at all. These girls are popular and funny, and don't exactly belong to a clique, they are just known everywhere. So giving them a place to eat and a few extra ears for them to talk to is worth it as it increases the clique's status. They are usually jokesters and very social, so they entertain the clique for the time being. They rarely ever officially join the clique, but if they did, they would usually start as a Gamma. The Omegas. The outsiders. The fringes of the clique. No one knows for sure how they got in. There isn't a special trait about them really. They aren't that pretty, they aren't that funny, and they aren't that popular. No one really likes the Omegas, maybe the Deltas or Gammas, but not in a best friend way. They are just there for some reason, and they are unavoidable. Like house flies, you spray bug-repellant everywhere in your house but they keep coming in and you don't know how. And like house flies are, they are annoying. They are usually pretty immature and clueless. The members often leave her out of social events and hardly tell her any good gossip. The Alpha also tends to use her to do her dirty work and will convince the Omega she will like her more if she does, even though she never does. And like all the other members, she desperately wants to be the Alpha, but usually Omegas don't know where to start. But if you are reading this article and you are an Omega, soon you will.; , And why do people like her so much when she's so mean sometimes? There are three things which causes people to be attracted to you in this order: Looks, Personality, and Status.   Learn the looks. AKA Ugly or Pretty. The first thing a person looks for in a friend is how they look. It's a no-brainer, really. Let's say you are at a new school and don't know anyone there, and before school starts there are a few groups of people talking. Half of the groups have messy hair, some acne, and not a good fashion sense. The other half has silky hair, a perfect complexion, and the cutest clothes. So who do you want to talk to? Group 1 or Group 2? The answer is obvious, group 2. For some reason, humans think that pretty people usually mean they are happy and successful in life, and that is the type of person people want to talk to. Learn the Personality. AKA Good or Evil. Once you talk to the pretty, popular kids they invite you to sit with them at lunch (for new kids: populars love meeting new people, the more in their squad the better). You meet the alpha, and at first she seems super nice. But the longer you stay the more you realise how dark the mean the Alpha can be. As you are walking to class, a younger kid walks past and the Alpha "accidentally" elbows him and whispers "Nerd". The girls laugh and walk away, and since you don't want to be excluded, you follow. Then one day you talk to one of the omegas and she tells you how the Alpha told everyone that she was taking weight pills so she wouldn't get fatter. You start to feel sick around these girls, but there is one reason why you stay. Status. AKA Popular or Unpopular. No matter what happens, there is usually that final factor which determines whether you stay with that group of friends or not, their status. Let's say one day in class you start to talk with a few other girls and they are all funny and nice. There is hardly any drama and they overall just seem like good people. So you would think, "Why not just leave the mean, popular girls for them?". The thing is, everyone wants to be popular. So although those one girls you met in class the other day are nice, they aren't popular. And even though the popular girls are mean and manipulative, being popular is like being royalty. Everyone knows who you are, you get to go to the latest parties, and you always know the hottest gossip. So why become a villager in the kingdom when you are a princess?  , Is she super pretty? Does she know everyone? Is she really sporty? Is she rich? Usually the difference between an Alpha and a Gamma is the Alpha has one special quality like being pretty or rich and knows how to manipulate someone. So really, becoming the new Alpha isn't that hard, it's just about finding how to get a super special quality compared to hers and some good tricks on manipulating people to liking you more.	Learn who's who. What exactly IS an Alpha?, Find out the qualities your current Alpha has.
These are listed below.  The reason for two holes is to keep the cookie straight when it's on the wreath.  A toothpick, a skewer or a similar tool is ideal for making the cookie holes. The holes need to be large enough to thread through your chosen threading item. , Allow to cool before making the cookie wreath., The pattern can be single cookie types or a variety of cookies in a recurring theme. Some ideas include:  A circle of gingerbread men A circle of stars A circle of one gingerbread man, one star, one circle, repeat all the way around, etc.  When threading, push the ribbon through the back of the first hole, across the front of the cookie, and back down through to the back via the second hole. Turn the the next cookies.,,,	Assemble the items needed. Make the cookies, pierce two holes at the top of each cookie.Bake as recommended by the recipe. Remove the baked cookies from the oven. Arrange the cookie pattern you want to make into a wreath. Thread the ribbon or other chosen thread through the holes of the cookies.Thread on as many as it takes to create a circle.Tie off the ribbon or other thread material with a knot.Hang on a tree, a door or other part of your house.
The number one cause of dried out polish is leaving the cap off of the bottle. A good general rule is to keep the cap on the bottle whenever you're not using the brush to apply polish. If you stop using one color or switch to another, don't leave it open on the counter. Take a few seconds to screw the cap back on. Remember — nail polish is made to dry quickly when it comes in contact with air whether or not it's on your nails.   Screwing the cap on tightly is important. A loose seal can let air in or lead to messy cap threads (see below).; , Heat and light are your enemies when it comes to keeping your polish fresh. Try to store your polish somewhere out of the sun and away from sources of heat to keep the polish lasting longer.   If you have room in your refrigerator, this is a good place to keep your polish. Otherwise, keep it in a closed cabinet (rather than on the counter).  Polish that is allowed to sit for long periods of time is more likely to start to set. To avoid this, occasionally roll the polish in your hands or turn the bottle over a few times. If you paint your nails regularly, just agitate the polish every time you use it. Otherwise, take a few seconds to agitate each bottle every two to four days,   You can also shake the bottle gently, but shaking vigorously can create bubbles which can make the polish apply unevenly the next time you use it.  Gunky threads (the spiraling ridges on the mouth of the bottle that the cap screws on to) can affect the cap's seal and even let in air. Luckily, it's not hard to clean the threads once they get clogged with caked-on polish. See below:   Moisten a cotton ball or Q-tip with fingernail polish remover. Try to squeeze most of the remover back into the bottle — you don't need a soaking wet cotton ball. Gently scrub the cap threads. The dried polish should start to dissolve. If necessary, re-soak your cotton ball or switch to a new one. Finish by wiping the clean cap threads with a tissue. Try not to let nail polish remover get into the polish itself. This can affect the texture of your polish — it may even ruin the whole bottle if enough gets in.	Keep the cap on the bottle when you're not using the brush. Keep the polish in a cool, dark, area, such as a refrigerator. Agitate the polish every few days. Clean messy cap threads.
Set your child up for organizational success by purchasing the items he or she will need to get organized. Organizing schoolwork into separate folders or using a color coding system can be very beneficial for children with ADD.You’ll need a backpack, different colored folders, blank paper, labels, and different colored pens for starters. Consider getting your child two sets of supplies (including books): one set for school and one set for at home. This will help reduce their daily stress because the consequences won’t be as intense if they forget some of their supplies at home or at school. Let your child choose a backpack with sectioned out storage space that can be labeled to help him or her get organized at school, as well as find and put items away quickly.; , This will allow your child to find items they need more quickly and easily. Color folders and dividers can hold worksheets and homework. Use color tape and stickers for textbooks that match. Make sure your child is clear about how the color system works., Pick a location for your child's backpack so that it never gets misplaced. Make sure your child always puts their backpack in this spot when they get home so that they learn the routine and so they don’t have to worry about losing it.Additionally, get your child with ADD into the habit of organizing the backpack when homework is complete. This will ensure that homework is placed in the backpack and that he has everything else he needs for school the next day.  This area should be well-lit and away from distractions. Your child needs a calm place where they can focus on their work. Make sure your child has all the tools needed to get the work done.The homework location should be quiet and free of clutter and other distractions.  Set up a time for homework and stick with it. Consider using the delayed gratification approach. Have your child do his or her homework as soon as they get home, instead of playing first. However, if it helps your child, you might want to allow for 30 minutes of playtime or relaxation before starting schoolwork.Help organize it from the most difficult to the easiest and always review the work when completed.Put up a dry erase board that lists the homework, assignments, and projects. Children with ADD often work better with visuals. Your child can refer to this list and erase what is completed. Break the homework timeframe up by allowing for snack breaks, especially if your child is showing signs of being overwhelmed. You can take short breaks every 10-20 minutes, too.You should also be available if you are needed during homework.  Partner with your child's teacher to create a communication system so that you are aware of all homework and assignments. You want your child to be responsible for this, but having the information will allow you to make sure he or she is on track.You may also want to ask for progress reports so you and the teacher can deal with issues as they arise and come up with solutions together. Remaining consistent at home and at school is a necessary goal for children with ADD.  One thing that you can do to help your child organize and complete their homework is to divide larger tasks into smaller, more manageable steps that your child will find less intimidating. Write the steps out for your child to follow along.For example, if your child has a paper that is due, try breaking up the assignment into smaller manageable parts. One step can be doing the research and another step can be brainstorming ideas for the paper. After those steps, you could write a rough draft for one step and revise the draft as a final step. That way your child will be able to focus on one step at a time instead of being overwhelmed by the entire project. This will also help your child learn how to plan things out and follow through with their plans.  One of the most important aspects of helping a child with ADD overcome any obstacles in accomplishing their homework is to create a consistent routine so they can learn what to expect and how to fulfill the expectations set for them on a regular basis.Have homework time at the same time every day. Work on homework in the same location every day. Creating these patterns will help your child with ADD learn how to cope with any struggles they might encounter when attempting to complete their homework.  When you create systems and tools, explain to them what you are doing and for what reason. This way they will learn the methods that work and continue to use them independently and, hopefully, throughout their life.Help your child learn how to make checklists of tasks they need to accomplish and then to cross each item off the list as they complete each task.  Involving your child in the process of organization will help them better understand the reasons this kind of behavior is necessary and it will help them feel more connected to the process. It’s always easier to follow rules that you view as valuable.Ask your child what specific tasks they struggle with and come up with a way to organize that aspect of their schoolwork together.  Your efforts at getting your child organized should stop at that goal. Create the system and provide the tools, but don't do anything else for him or her. Explain how it all works and make sure he or she follows through.   Continue giving positive feedback and reinforcement when your child maintains the organizational system you’ve set up or as they complete their homework tasks.  Have your child consider which assignments to work on first instead of just doing whatever comes to mind in the moment. It might be a good idea to teach them to work on homework based on when the assignment due dates are. That way, they are finishing the tasks that are due sooner first.   Working on the hardest or least enjoyable homework might be good for a child with ADD as well because it helps them get it out of the way earlier and move on to work that is more enjoyable. You can also create a daily and weekly calendar with assignments that are due during the week.  Being organized and tackling big homework projects can be a very daunting task for a child with ADD. Make sure you maintain a positive attitude and offer encouraging support for your child so that they don’t get discouraged easily.If your child gets frustrated easily, your positive attitude will help calm them and help them continue to focus on the task at hand.	Gather the necessary materials. Create a color-coded system for each subject. Choose a location for your child’s backpack. Establish a homework zone. Be a part of the homework process. Create a communication system with your child’s teacher. Break tasks up into manageable steps. Create a routine. Teach your child with ADD organizational skills. Ask your child what they want to organize. Don't enable your child. Help them prioritize their homework. Keep a positive attitude.
Some studies have found that staying hydrated will prevent cramps (while other studies have found no correlation between the two). Researchers believe that the decreased fluid around a body’s cells causes muscle twitches, which in turn causes cramps.Be sure to drink enough water daily and replenish after exercising.   The Institute of Medicine suggests that men should drink roughly 13 cups (3.3 liters) of total beverages a day, while women should consume about 9 cups (2.2 liters) per day.The amount of fluids needed also depends on factors such as weight and activity level. Try an online calculator that will give you a more accurate estimation., Electrolytes are essential in maintaining the fluid balance in your body and can be lost when you sweat. Sodium in particular is lost through sweat more than other electrolytes. If you are sweating — especially if the weather is hot, if you are exercising, or you are an endurance athlete — the loss of sodium may lead to cramping and more dangerous condition called hyponatremia.Replace sodium by eating salty foods (like pretzels) or drinking sports products and drinks with electrolytes. Try eating a slice of sour pickle or drinking the juice from a pickle. This is known as a “grandma formula,” but even players on the NFL’s Philadelphia Eagles have been known to drink 2 ounces of pickle juice before football games to prevent cramping.Unrefined sea salt is also suggested because it contains other minerals that are useful to the body., Many believe that muscle cramps are caused by a calcium deficiency.Increase your consumption of calcium naturally by eating a diet rich in dairy products such as milk, cheese, or yogurt. Additionally, you can try taking calcium supplements that can be purchased at your local pharmacy or online. The average recommended daily amount for adults ages 19 – 50 is 1,000 mg.If you don’t care for dairy products, try white beans, kale, sardines, salmon, or dried figs.Look for calcium supplements that also contain betaine hydrochloride and vitamin D. These nutrients help to increase the amount of calcium that’s digested into your body., There are currently medical hypotheses that link leg cramps to low levels of magnesium in one’s system.While the effect of magnesium on the general public is still being tested, it has proven an effective treatment for pregnant women.Try taking a magnesium supplement which can be found at your local pharmacy.   Suggested magnesium levels vary from 360 mg/day to 420 mg/day based on age. Talk to your doctor about the dosage that’s right for you., Potassium is an electrolyte that regulates the flow of liquids in and out of the body's cells. It also helps to conduct nerve impulses and muscle contractions. Most adults need 4,700 mg of potassium each day. High potassium foods include wholegrain breads, peanut butter, bananas, spinach, and milk or yogurt.Diuretics (water pills) that are used to treat conditions like high blood pressure, have been known to increase the risk of leg cramps because it increases the body's excretion of electrolytes like potassium.	Stay hydrated. Replenish sodium. Increase your calcium intake. Ensure you have enough magnesium in your blood. Avoid potassium depletion.
Remember that not all dogs are the same, so this will be different depending on the breed and characteristics of your dog.  The average time it takes for a dog to make puppies is 63 days from the time of mating. Once you have calculated this, you will be able to tell when she will give birth and make all of your plans from there.        Dogs can sometimes have pups 5 days before or after the date expected, but if it gets any longer than 5 days after contact a vet.       If your dog has had a scan and it says she is pregnant but she does not look it it may be she has absorbed the puppies after the scan. Dogs can sometimes absorb puppies when they are sad or depressed. It could also be that the scan in wrong as it is not 100% accurate all the time, for instance some people thought that their dog would have only 3 puppies when they have close to 11! It can be very confusing especially if you thought they were pregnant in the first place, but scans are not as accurate as they seem. You can also have an X-ray done at a skilled vet centre but again these can be not that accurate.      ; , She is going through lots of hormonal changes and may need your affection. At other times however, she may want to be left alone, and it is best if you do just that, you don't want to upset her or cause her harm.  She may go through morning sickness, a common occurrence in dogs, but this should wear off halfway through the pregnancy. She will also begin to show on the outside, for example her nipples may start to grow and turn pinker and she may begin to lose her waistline.       These signs are all a stronger indication that your dog is pregnant and that things are going to work out but to be sure you can get an ultrasound scan or a x-ray from your vet to confirm that she really is pregnant. However, do not worry if your dog does not experience some of the symptoms of pregnancy, some owners do not know their dog is pregnant until the day of arrival!        , You can make a whelping box out of cardboard, it should be big enough for your dog to fit two of herself inside and for her to get in and out easily while the puppies can not. The whelping box can be made by yourself or you can buy one off the Internet. Making your whelping box is good because it saves money, but on the other hand the boxes are sturdier when you buy them.       It is a good idea to put a heat pad set on 'low' underneath some blankets so that the puppies can be warm when in the whelping box and feed off their mother.  You will a thermometer for taking your dogs temperature, powdered milk substitute, a pair of sterilised scissors and some dental floss, a baby bottle, some examination gloves and some weighing scales for weighing the puppies. You should also keep a notepad handy to record times of birth and weight.	Start planning ahead right away to find the date that the pups' arrival is due. Make sure you take extra care of your dog. Prepare a whelping box, the place where your dog will have the puppies. Get other birthing equipment ready.
Although it is possible—and sometimes preferable—to freeze unbaked pies, pies are typically frozen after they have already been baked. This simplifies the thawing and reheating process.   Pies whose fillings is made of fruits or nuts—pecan, walnut, peach, cherry, apple, etc.—are relatively easy to bake, freeze, and reheat, because the firm texture of the fillings stays firm while frozen.It is unnecessary to change the recipe just because you are going to freeze the pies instead of eating them immediately after baking.; , This can take up to several hours—but it is an important step. The pie should be cool when you can rest your hand on the bottom of the pie pan and do not feel any heat. If you freeze your baked pie without first letting it cool completely, the quality will diminish; the pie may become soggy or lose its flavor.You may simply set the pies on the counter to cool, or let them cool in the refrigerator.  Start by putting several layers of cling wrap around the pies. The cling wrap will keep your pies from picking up bad tastes or smells from the freezer.   For extra protection, place each wrapped pie in an airtight storage container. You can wrap your pies in large zipping freezer bags or airtight plastic storage containers. If you don’t have ziplock bags or large Tupperware, you can wrap the pies well with aluminum foil.  You do not want the pies to be unsteady and fall. This will break the crust and make the pies much harder to bake and serve.   You’ll also want to avoid placing the pies in a position where they’ll have more items stacked on top of them. Although the frozen pies will be relatively stable, the crust can still be crushed or damaged if you place heavy objects on the pies.  Do not place the pies on top of each other; each pie should have nothing placed on top of it for the duration of its time in the freezer.   If you do not have room in your freezer to distribute each pie individually, try to find a way to stack pies without damaging the filling or crust. First, freeze each pie individually, and then try stacking them inside of empty, clean pizza boxes.  If the containers come open, the pies may receive freezer burn or may pick up a bad taste or smell from the freezer.   Fruit or nut pies can stay frozen for a relatively long time. They will keep in your freezer for up to 4 months.If you have a deep freeze, it will keep your pies safely frozen for a longer period of time., Allow the frozen pies to thaw completely before serving. If you would like to serve your pies hot, pre-heat your oven to 350°—then place the pies in the oven for about 6 minutes.   If you have enough time before you need to serve the pies, you may choose to let the pies thaw slowly in the refrigerator. You should give the pies at least 24 hours to thaw, if you choose this method. If you prefer to serve the pie warm (apple or pecan pie, etc.), let the pie stand at room temperature for about 30 minutes, then place it in the oven at 350°, for about 30 minutes.	Bake your pies according to the recipe directions. Allow the baked pies to cool completely. Cover each pie with an airtight material. Find a place in your freezer where the pies will be secure. Set the pies in the freezer carefully. Check your frozen pies occasionally to be sure the containers remain airtight. Remove the frozen pies from the freezer several hours before you plan to serve them.
You can honor God by performing good actions for others more casually in your everyday life. Additionally, helping others can help increase your overall appreciation, enjoyment, enlightenment and quality of life. Change up the small, nice things you do for others to keep it new for you. How can you put others needs even-with yours, and avoid pressing for minor desires and grievances to live a more humble life, outwardly and inwardly, for honoring others and God?Yield to a car to let them merge in traffic, and merge gradually, not haltingly Make food/a meal for a hungry person, not just for a friend or family member Smile, not proudly, as nicely holding the door open for someone Be a productive and thoughtful co-worker, not boastful Provide a needy person some clothing or other necessity  , Take time to make sure you find a good volunteer match for you. Look into volunteer work that lines up with your interests. You might try local places of worship or charity, or use the Yellow Pages under "Volunteer Center" or "Volunteer Clearinghouse", or you can look online at Volunteermatch.org or 1-800-volunteer.org to find opportunities in areas near you. Consider the following types of volunteering:Tutoring or volunteering at a school. Translating for immigrants, if you speak another language Coaching a team, if you play a sport Cleaning up and working at a local park or wildlife refuge Working at a local hospital, old folks home, or clinic Calling people for fundraisers from home  , Over committing to helping others is stressful and will hurt your ability to serve others well. You want to be able to do good things for others with a good attitude. Take some time to consider whether you have the time before committing to do something.   If you have already committed, consider finishing out a portion of the work and then stepping up for another effort. Communicate openly about what is going on with you. People understand that others are busy and will respect you if you communicate with them honestly. Do not be afraid to go back to volunteering for the same organization once you have time to commit again. Pick back up with volunteering, if you had to take a break.  Doing things with others often helps provide the motivation you will need to follow through with the work you want to do. In addition, it can help you bond as a friend in the work experience you will have and the new people that you might meet.   Consider doing volunteer work with your family, spouse or significant other. This kind of work could help give your relationships healthy perspective and can help create a sense of purpose outside of yourselves.	Do small but helpful things for others voluntarily, not for attention or notice. Volunteer with an organization or a group that helps people. Do not over commit!, Ask someone to do volunteer work with you.
When you visit the download page, you will see a variety of options. Download the latest Static version in either 32-bit or 64-bit, depending on your operating system.; , 7-Zip is a free archive program that you will need to open the FFmpeg file.  When you use 7-Zip to extract a file, it will create a new folder in the same location as the downloaded file. The folder will be named something like “ffmpeg-20130731-git-69fe25c-win32-static”. Open the folder and move it to the side.  Click Start and then click Computer. Select the hard drive where Windows is installed (typically C:). At the base of the C: drive, where you see folders such as Windows and Program Files, right-click and select New Folder. Name the folder “ffmpeg”.  Copy the contents of the extracted folder into the new “ffmpeg” folder.	Download the FFmpeg program. Download and install 7-Zip. Extract the FFmpeg folder. Open your C: drive. Open the new “ffmpeg” folder.
If you're going to a social event, it's okay to practice. Many people feel more relaxed if they give themselves time to prepare conversation starters ahead of time.You can write down a list of potential conversation starters. You could, for example, talk about an assignment if you're making conversation in class. You could even practice in the mirror ahead of time. While it may sound a little silly, if you're often nervous about starting a conversation this can be helpful.; , When trying to begin small talk, scan the room. See if there's anyone not talking to someone. Try to make brief eye contact and offer a smile. You can then approach this person to begin a conversation.When you approach the person, try a simple greeting. You can say something like, "Hi" or "How are you?"  , It can be hard to strike up a conversation with a stranger. However, there are many ways to initially engage with someone. Use a quality conversation starter to get the ball rolling.Conversation starters should be personal and reflect genuine interest. Instead of commenting on the weather, mention something the other party can relate to. You should also bring up something of genuine interest to you. It's hard to feign interest, and people want to converse with those who are generally invested in them. For example, you're at a party at a friend's place. You see a casual acquaintance there who you know just took the bar exam. You're interested in law, as your brother is an attorney. You can say something like, "Hey, how did the bar exam go?" This is a great way to begin a conversation. If you're very nervous, you can look for something nearby to discuss. While this is less personal, it can work in a bind. You can, for example, comment on a painting on the wall.  People want to feel that the other person is interested in them. A great way to keep a conversation running smoothly is to ask a series of questions about the other person.Ask questions about what the other person is saying. Make a rule that, before you bring up your own experience or interests, you ask at least one question about what the other person said. For example, you're talking about a mutual interest in hockey. Ask something like, "Did you play hockey as a kid?" before talking about your favorite teams.  Oftentimes, people have a tendency to be planning their own responses while listening to another person talk. Refrain from doing this. It's important that you genuinely listen to what another person says.Remember to engage in only one thing at a time. When a person is talking, pay attention to what they're saying. Keep your mind focused on the present moment instead of planning what you'll say next. It's inevitable that you will think of something that relates. That's okay. It can be good to have some response ready, but don't spend time thinking of how to word your response. You can figure that out after the other person stops talking.  This is important. You want to give another person the chance to jump in. Even if you have more to say, you want to make sure the other person has a chance to relate or respond.Make a point of pausing for a second between sentences. If the other person does not say anything, continue talking. However, the other person may have a chance to convey interest in what you're expressing. He or she may have something to share or contribute. If the person wants to end the conversation, a brief pause can give him or her the opportunity to do so smoothly.  If you want to be engaged in conversation, attention is key. You should actively try to remember what the other party said about a given topic. When appropriate, you can bring this up later. This can show you're engaged and interested in the other person.What is this person passionate about? What does he or she do for fun? These are things to keep in the back of your mind. If you're able to bring them up later, this shows you were listening. For example, a friend told a story about fishing with her dad. A few minutes later, an opportunity comes for to share a story about your father. You can say something like, "Oh, you know how you went fishing with your dad? My dad took me once as a kid, but it was a complete disaster..." You can then tell an amusing anecdote.  This can help you form a connection with the other person. As they share their own hobbies, interests, and passions, see if there's a way to relate to this. This will help form a mutual understanding between you and the other person.Be genuine when trying to relate. If your relation to the situation is a stretch, people will pick up on this. Do not force the conversation. Wait for a moment you can genuinely relate to. For example, a friend is talking about a movie you've never seen, but then mentions how it was kind of like a TV show you like. Take this opportunity to say something like, "Oh, yeah. I've seen that show. Yeah, I like films and TV shows that have kind of confusing plots too."  , Most conversations will run their course. You and the other person may have exhausted discussing a topic. You may notice natural pauses coming between topics and enthusiasm will have dwindled slightly. In this case, gracefully leave the conversation on good terms.Give a reason you have to leave the conversation. At an event, you could say you need to meet up with friends or run to the bathroom. If you're conversing at work, you can say you need to get back to a task. For example, "Well, I should catch up with my friends." From there, express gratitude for having had the chance to talk. For example, "It was really great talking to you." Then, restate a few things that were discussed. This shows you were engaged and attentive. For example, "I will have to check out that book you mentioned."  , Some people mumble when they are nervous, which can make it hard to the other person to understand what you are saying. Remind yourself to speak in a clear voice and enunciate your words.   One way to remind yourself to enunciate is to repeat to yourself, “Enunciate, Articulate, Exaggerate.” Say these words out loud and speak every syllable of each word in a clear, audible voice.You might also practice speaking clearly before you have a conversation with someone. Say some of the things you want or expect to say in a clear, audible voice.  Many people get nervous and over share information. You may also misread social cues, and think the conversation is becoming deeper than it actually is. Try to avoid this tendency. In conversation, stay calm and avoid sharing too much information too soon.Remember, there's a good chance this person knows someone you know. Avoid bad talking friends, family members, or colleagues. You should also avoid sharing very private information, especially with strangers of acquaintances. For example, avoid talking about or asking someone about their income, health problems, family issues, abilities, differences, or the amount of food they eat. If an event includes alcohol, you may loosen up a bit, but try to remember to avoid over sharing. Do not, say, complain about a breakup or tell your life story.  Many people find this obnoxious and rude. Always having to have the better story, the worse problems, or the more exciting life comes off as annoying. It's okay to share anecdotes that are relatable, but avoid slipping in your own anecdote every time someone else has finished a story. This can come off as one-upping.One way to avoid one-upping is to keep the focus on the other person. Ask questions about things that the person has mentioned and comment on what they have shared as well. For example, if someone mentions a recent vacation they took, then you might say something like, “That sounds amazing! What sights did you see while you were there?”  , If you're at a crowded event, it can sometimes be difficult to hear the other person talking. However, use tact when asking for clarification.Phrases like, "Huh?" and "What?" come off as too abrupt. It can make the speaker feel awkward. If you need clarification at any point, try something like, "Excuse me?" or "I'm sorry, I'm having trouble hearing. What was that?" These come off as more polite.	Practice ahead of time if you're prone to anxiety. Smile and make initial eye contact. Find a good conversation starter. Ask questions. Listen to the other person's response. Pause between your sentences. Remember information. Attempt to relate. Allow the conversation to come to a natural end. Speak clearly and avoid mumbling. Do not over share. Avoid trying to one up the other person. Limit use of certain phrases.
You'll need six planks of the same wood to create the fence. Different types of wood will produce different color fences. You can get four wood planks from a single wood block by placing it in the center of your crafting table grid.   You'll be using four of the planks for the fence and two to create sticks.; , Use two of the planks you crafted from the wood blocks to make sticks. You can turn two planks into four sticks by placing one plank in the center of the crafting grid and one directly below it.  Place one stick in the center of the crafting grid and another directly below it. Place planks on either sides of the sticks so that the bottom two rows go: planks, stick, plank.   All of the pieces need to be from the same type of wood.  The above crafting recipe of four planks and two sticks will create three fence pieces	Craft at least six wood planks. Craft two sticks of the same wood. Craft fence pieces. Add the fence pieces to your inventory.
You may want to consider going braless in tops or dresses which your bra would peek out of if you wore one. Deep plunging necklines, large keyholes in the back, and backless tops or dresses are all items of clothing that look better when worn without a bra.   Tops or dresses with thin or no straps can usually be worn with a strapless bra. Not all fabrics are suitable for bralessness. Thin or lacy fabrics will leave your nipples exposed, and some fabrics, like wool or stiff cotton, may irritate your skin. Synthetic fabrics like Lycra or nylon tend to work well without a bra.  There are some situations where you might be expected to wear a bra. Job interviews, court appearances, or meeting your partner’s parents for the first time might not be the best times to go braless. If you decide not to wear a bra, think about the situation first and decide if you will feel comfortable going braless.Remember that you can dress your body however you like. If going braless makes you feel more comfortable, then you should do it. Don’t let anyone make you feel bad about your body—ever., There is no evidence that going without a bra makes your breasts sag earlier, and no evidence that wearing a bra keeps them from sagging. Several recent studies have even found that going braless regularly may actually help your breasts to become perkier.Keep in mind that it is still important to wear a sports bra when you exercise. Sports bras help to keep your breasts in place, which is important when you are moving and jumping a lot.  If you want to start going without a bra more often, you may experience some discomfort since your breasts aren’t used to being free to move. To ease into bralessness, try trading in your padded underwire for one without pads or underwires. Or, you can go braless at night and around the house until you feel comfortable without your bra on.	Consider your clothes. Examine the situation. Don’t worry about sagging. Ease into bralessness.
There is no need to get involved in a fight if you don't have to. By keeping your distance, this can help to preserve your personal safety. If you're unsure about what to do when faced with a fight, take a step back or find a safe area. This can be the best course of action.   Place your own safety first. Use non-violent means, before resorting to physical methods for breaking up a fight. Physical methods for breaking up a fight are a last resort, and are for use when other options are exhausted or non-existent.; , Conflicts can be about hidden or unconscious beliefs and values. Being able to determine the true cause for a fight can help you to resolve it. Try to think about the personality and cultural aspects at play, before you step in.   Understand the relationship between the two people in a fight. Do these people know each other? Are they family members? Is this about a romantic interest? Examine possible motivations. Is this random aggression, or is it driven by a specific feeling of being wronged? The differences in motivations can alter how two people in a fight will respond to someone breaking it up. Random, unprovoked aggression is less likely to be responsive to attempts at mediation, as the aggressor may not have a strong grasp on why they're being aggressive. Ask questions to anyone who will answer.  Fights can start as the result of a misunderstanding. By determining the truth about what is going on, you can give yourself the upper hand when it comes to calming parties involved. Make sure you have the truth about the situation before charging in. It is better not to involve yourself than to make things worse.   Note who, what, where, when, and why. This can help you take in the whole situation, as well as provide useful if the police become involved. Talk to witnesses. Ask questions to people involved.  You need to make sure you are prepared to handle such a conflict. Take stock of the state you are in. If you are intoxicated, over-tired, or not dressed for such activity, think twice before attempting to break up the fight.  Figure out the position each party involved is in. If they are intoxicated, armed, or clearly a more than capable fighter, it might not be a good situation to get involved in. Understand the people escalating the altercation, before you decide to interfere., Get a teacher, a security guard, or a police officer. In order to prevent yourself from being in harm's way, get someone trained to grapple with this kind of situation. Immediately find someone in a position of authority to manage the violent engagement.  When things between two people get heated, sometimes it is possible to calm them down with a distraction. Mention or ask about their family members or the friends they came with. It can make them think about someone they think fondly of, calming them down. There are many quick ways to break the tension.   Give commands in a calm, authoritative voice. Many fights among children can be broken up this way.Use humor. Sing a song, loudly. Do not yell.  If you loudly proclaim you are calling the police, and then make the phone call, this can quickly break up the fight. No one will want to be around when the police come. This is a quick solution. Be prepared: Charges may be filed against the people involved, and you may need to stay around to speak with the officers.  This means putting yourself in the other person's position. Empathy taps into the emotional nature of aggression, in order to reason with individuals who may not be in a state of mind to accept logical reasoning. By giving yourself the opportunity to understand how the combatants feel, as well as helping them to understand how their enemy feels, you might find greater insight into how to dissolve the conflict. Invoking empathy can help mitigate aggression.Ask people in the fight to see it from an other's point of view. Use language that shows you understand how they people in the fight feel. Use clear, emotional language to elicit empathy.  Often, talking in a calm voice with aggressors can help them to feel calm. Dialogue can give people the ability to vent some of the emotions bringing on the aggression, making it crucial to conflict resolution.It can also help reveal the source of the problem.   Use “I” statements.  I feel... I'm hearing you say... Avoid “you” statements that might feel like accusations.   Ask questions. Be calm.  Aggression can come from frustration, and sometimes these frustrations just need a kind ear. Give the parties involved each a chance to talk, and help them feel that someone is actually listening to how they feel. Sometimes, people feel better when they get their feelings off their chest.   Use verbal signs you're listening, such as saying, “I see your point.” Nod. Make eye contact.  Encourage both parties to see if there is a compromise. Work with them to help make sure no one is getting a bad deal. Do not impose a solution on the parties involved. Remember to be impartial, as this will help both parties feel comfortable.   Actively listen. Ask questions. Gradually help the two parties to negotiate the dispute on their own.  Try to get the parties to recognize what they did to hurt the other, and to forgive each other. This can help ensure future fights don't occur, and it can also assist in calming a situation down. By helping people to reconcile, we enable them to forgive and put the past behind them., Sometimes a blast of cold water can cool down a temper. Toss a cup or pot of water on the people fighting, or get the hose. This is a good way to avoid placing yourself directly in contact with the aggressors.  By placing yourself between two people who are fighting, you can interrupt their fight. It is important to recognize this might result in injury to you. Especially if you feel neither person involved will harm you, this can be a successful solution.  Be cautious when restraining anyone. Many kinds of restraining holds can result in bodily harm. Not only can attempting to restrain a violent person result in harm to you, restraining people can seriously harm the person you're holding on to. While combat holds and other manners of restraint can be effective with an adult, they can cause injury or even death, and are only recommended in extreme situations. It is not suitable to restrain children with combat holds, such as a chokehold.   A firm hug is considered, in some states, an acceptable way to break up fights between children when proper training is lacking.Hugs can also be used for fights among adults. Choke/strangleholds Arm/leglocks Pinning holds  , It is quite common for police to use pepper spray to break up a fight, but if you're a civilian, consider pepper spray in only the most extreme cases. Pepper spray can not only disable the aggressors, it will also keep the fight from starting back up.   Be cautious with pepper spray, as some people are allergic to it, and it can cause severe health problems. Extra caution should be taken with pepper spray, as it can be illegal to carry, and spraying someone in the face can be a crime.	Keep your distance. Look for underlying causes. Determine the facts. Take stock of yourself. Evaluate the people involved. Find an authority. Create a distraction. Make a show of calling the police. Empathize. Converse. Listen. Mediate. Facilitate reconciliation. Throw cold water. Place yourself between combatants. Restrain an aggressor. Use pepper spray.
Drain your pinto beans and then place them in a sauce pan over medium heat. Add the water, chili powder, and salt. Stir everything together and cook the beans for about five minutes, stirring occasionally., Beat your eggs with a fork until they form a smooth, even mixture. Mix in the hot sauce, as well as a pinch of salt and pepper., Place your butter in a sauce pan over medium heat. Melt the butter until it's foamy. This takes about two to three minutes. Then, swirl the butter in the pan to distribute evenly throughout the bottom of your sauce pan., Pour the eggs into the sauce pan. Let them sit until they're about to set. Then, use a spatula to push the eggs a little towards the center. Wait 30 seconds, and then push the eggs in a little further. Repeat this pattern for about 90 seconds and then remove the eggs from the pan., Sprinkle your cheese evenly over the eggs. Stir the eggs and cheese together until the cheese is distributed evenly throughout the eggs., Divide your chips between two plates. Then, distribute your pinto beans even over the eggs., Take the egg and cheese mixture. Distribute this evenly over the chips and beans. Your nachos are ready to serve.If you want, you can top your nachos with sour cream or guacamole.	Cook and flavor your beans. Prepare your eggs. Melt your butter. Cook your eggs. Add the cheese to the eggs. Divide and top your chips. Add the eggs to the chips and beans.
You can build a strong foundation for a career in toxicology by taking as many science courses as you can in high school, including biology, chemistry, and physics. Related subjects like computer science will also help develop your interests and skills.Don’t neglect courses in communication, writing, and foreign language. These will give you a good foundation for college-level work, and serve you well when you are a professional toxicologist and have to share your work with peers and the public. Taking part in extracurricular activities like science fairs, Science Olympiad, or part-time work in a lab is also valuable preparation. Ask a teacher or other mentor for ideas about how you can get involved.; , Most colleges and universities don’t have degrees in toxicology. Instead, work on a major in a field like biology, pharmacy, chemistry, veterinary sciences, food sciences, or soil sciences. Whatever your major, take as many courses as you can in fields like:Organic chemistry Physics Computer science Statistics Advanced math (calculus) Biology Chemistry Writing and/or Communication  , While studying for your degree, you should seek out opportunities to deepen your knowledge of toxicology, network with others in the field, and boost your resume. Working with a professor to develop an extensive research project, collaborating with others in a lab, and completing an internship are all great ways to accomplish this.The Society of Technology sponsors summer internships, so check its website for information on opportunities you can apply for. You can also ask professors for ideas about special projects, or contact labs directly about the possibility of working as an intern.  Most toxicologists have Ph.Ds, and a smaller number of them have master’s degrees. Very few have only a bachelor’s degree. If you are serious about becoming a toxicologist, you will have more opportunities if you pursue an advanced degree. While earning your Ph.D, you will take coursework, collaborate in labs, and develop a research project in your area of interest, culminating in a written dissertation describing your findings.  Look for graduate programs in toxicology or a related area. Choose a program based on its overall strength, but also its expertise in the area you want to study. For instance, if you are interested in the toxicology of pharmaceutical drugs, make sure that the graduate programs you apply to have labs and/or professors who are also working on this topic. Learn about the financial support available for graduate programs. Typically, graduate programs are funded by scholarships, teaching assistantships, research assistantships, or a combination of these. Take the Graduate Record Examination (GRE) about nine months before applying to graduate programs, and start working on your applications as soon as possible. It is possible to work in toxicology without an advanced degree, but opportunities will probably be limited to lab assistant positions.  After getting an advanced degree, many would-be toxicologists first work as a postdoctoral fellow in a research setting, sometimes for a few years. Opportunities are available in academia, government, and industry. While working as a postdoc, you will continue to pursue research or other specialized projects related to your area of expertise, but will gain more experience in supervising others, grant writing, and other areas that will increase yoru skills and job prospects., When you have gained the right combination of education, skills, and experience, you will be ready to find full-time, regular work as a toxicologist. The field is growing, and so opportunities for toxicologists are available in a variety of settings.Some toxicologists work in academia (at colleges and universities), performing research independently or as part of a group, and often teaching courses to undergraduate and/or graduate students. A wide range of government agencies hire toxicologists to work on topics related to public health, environmental concerns, and forensics. Some toxicologists work in medical fields, studying the effects of toxins on the human body. Many toxicologists are hired in the private sector to help industries (ranging from manufacturing to pharmaceuticals) ensure safe products or services, and understand the effects and risks of toxic or potentially toxic materials.  Toxicology is a demanding field that requires expertise and hard work. Once you enter the field, however, you will find that there are opportunities to do work that fascinates you and makes a real difference in the world. As a toxicologist, you may do things like:Identify toxins in individuals, animals, and the environment. Plan experiments to learn about the effects of toxins. Share your knowledge to assist in criminal investigations. Develop recommendations on how to protect against toxins. Use highly specialized equipment and computer programs.  Not everyone who is interested in toxicology has to or wants to work as a toxicologist. Opportunities are available in a variety of related fields, and those with training in toxicology may have job titles including:Forensic scientist Food technologist Laboratory technician Research scientist  , As a practicing toxicologist, you will benefit from communicating with your peers. Professional organizations of toxicologists provide opportunities to network, attend conferences, share research, learn about job opportunities, etc. Depending on your location and interests, you may join societies such as:The Society of ToxicologyThe American College of ToxicologyThe American College of Medical Toxicology.The British Toxicology SocietyThe UK Register of Toxicologists, If you are pursuing research in toxicology, you can share your work with others by publishing in academic journals. This is a great way to establish yourself in the field, and to earn credentials that can help lead to professional opportunities. Journals publishing toxicological research include:Annual Review of Pharmacology and Toxicology Forensic Toxicology Toxicological Sciences Critical Reviews in Toxicology Journal of Medical Toxicology  , After working for a time as a toxicologist, you can pursue advanced certification to verify your skills and distinguish yourself professionally. Employers and the public will value the work of a certified toxicologist even more. The exact requirements for certification depends on the board offering the certification, but may involve documentation of your work experience, continuing education courses, and the payment of a fee. for You can seek certification from organizations such as:   The American Board of ToxicologyThe Royal College of PathologistsThe Royal Society of BiologyThe American Board of Forensic Toxicology	Start preparing in high school. Get a bachelor’s degree. Look for internships and special projects. Get an advanced degree. Work as a postdoc. Look for a job. Utilize your skills and education in your job. Explore alternative careers. Join professional societies. Publish your research findings. Get certified.
You will likely already see the expression written this way. If not, change it. Solving the problem as a fraction makes it easier to follow all the necessary steps, especially when factoring the square roots. Recall that a fraction bar is also a division bar.For example, if you are calculating 8÷36{\displaystyle {\sqrt {8}}\div {\sqrt {36}}}, rewrite the problem like this: 836{\displaystyle {\frac {\sqrt {8}}{\sqrt {36}}}}.  Factor the number as you would any whole number. Keep the factors under the radical signs.For example:836=2×2×26×6{\displaystyle {\frac {\sqrt {8}}{\sqrt {36}}}={\frac {\sqrt {2\times 2\times 2}}{\sqrt {6\times 6}}}}   , To  simplify a square root, pull out any factors that make a perfect square. A perfect square is the result of a whole number multiplied by itself.The factor will now become a coefficient outside of the square root.  For example: 2×2×26×6{\displaystyle {\frac {\sqrt {{\cancel {2\times 2\times }}2}}{\sqrt {\cancel {6\times 6}}}}} 226{\displaystyle {\frac {2{\sqrt {2}}}{6}}}So, 836=226{\displaystyle {\frac {\sqrt {8}}{\sqrt {36}}}={\frac {2{\sqrt {2}}}{6}}}    , As a rule, an expression cannot have a square root in the denominator. If your fraction has a square root in the denominator, you need to rationalize it. This means to cancel out the square root in the denominator. To do this, multiply the numerator and denominator of the fraction by the square root you need to cancel.For example, if your expression is 623{\displaystyle {\frac {6{\sqrt {2}}}{\sqrt {3}}}}, you need to multiply the numerator and denominator by 3{\displaystyle {\sqrt {3}}} to cancel the square root in the denominator:623×33{\displaystyle {\frac {6{\sqrt {2}}}{\sqrt {3}}}\times {\frac {\sqrt {3}}{\sqrt {3}}}}=62×33×3{\displaystyle ={\frac {6{\sqrt {2}}\times {\sqrt {3}}}{{\sqrt {3}}\times {\sqrt {3}}}}}=669{\displaystyle ={\frac {6{\sqrt {6}}}{\sqrt {9}}}}=663{\displaystyle ={\frac {6{\sqrt {6}}}{3}}}.  Sometimes you will be left with coefficients that can be simplified, or  reduced. Simplify the whole numbers in the numerator and denominator as you would simplify any fraction.  For example, 26{\displaystyle {\frac {2}{6}}} reduces to 13{\displaystyle {\frac {1}{3}}}, so 226{\displaystyle {\frac {2{\sqrt {2}}}{6}}} reduces to 123{\displaystyle {\frac {1{\sqrt {2}}}{3}}}, or simply 23{\displaystyle {\frac {\sqrt {2}}{3}}}.	Express the problem as a fraction.  Factor each radicand. Simplify the numerator and denominator of the fraction. Rationalize the denominator, if necessary. Simplify further, if necessary.
If you need neck or head support, place a thin cushion under your head.       ; , Your feet should be parallel, toes facing straight forward, and in line with your hips.  There should not be any tension present in your shoulders, so remind yourself to relax them.          You can place your hands on your abdomen if you wish to feel the effects of the movements on your abdominal muscles and region.  It should not be too wide nor should your back be flat against the floor. Another person should only be able to pass a flattened hand under this curve.          The extent to which some of your spine does not touch the floor varies from person to person, depending on your spine curvature and other physical elements.  They should come gently up toward your spine without moving the spine or pelvis. Hold them tight and firmly.  After any exercise started from neutral, always return to it. Check that you can feel the slight curve in the small of your back, your spine long and relaxed.	Lie on your back. Bend your knees and place your feet flat on the floor or reformer. Relax your arms to the sides. Feel for the natural curve in the small of your back. Draw in your abdominal muscles. Proceed to performing exercises.
You'll be cutting your pallet in the shape of a tree, so you may want to work outside where wood shavings will be less of an issue. You could also lay down a tarp to catch shavings for an easier clean up. You'll also need:   A flat, sturdy work surface, like a work bench. If you don't have a suitable work surface, you can make one by laying a flat board between two saw horses on level ground. A clear, an unobstructed work area. You don't want to trip when operating your saw. Move all unused tools, equipment, and wires out of your work area.; , You'll be using tape to guide your cutting of the pallet. Face the pallet so its top boards are oriented crosswise. The closest board will make up the bottom of your tree, and the farthest one the top. Mark your tape lines:         At the left and right sides of the bottom of the tree, on the inside of both lengthwise oriented 2x4 boards. At the top of the tree, ½" (1.27 cm) to the left and right of the middle, lengthwise oriented 2x4 board., Run two lines of tape, one line for each set of marks. One should run between the top and bottom marks to the left of the middle, lengthwise 2x4, and the other piece of tape between the top and bottom marks on the right. After taping:   Take your tape measure and check the distance on both sides between the outer edge of the tape and the outer edge of the pallet. The distance between the tape edge and outside pallet edge should be the same on both sides., The cutting process will create sawdust, which can become airborne and irritate your lungs and eyes. For this reason, you should wear protective eye wear, like safety glasses, and a dust mask.Wood can also cause skin irritation from its roughness, or it can give you splinters. Wear gloves when working to protect your hands.  Because pallets are most often held together by screws or nails, you'll likely want to use an automated saw that can cut through these, like a reciprocating saw. When cutting, do so on the inside of your tape line.         Hold your saw as level as possible while operating it, and use firm, steady pressure to push your saw through the wood as it cuts.The resistance to your saw will be greater when cutting through a board and less when moving through the gaps between them. At this point in the project, you'll only be cutting the top, crosswise boards of your pallet.  Now that the top of your pallet is cut, it's time to cut the opposite side. Pick up your pallet and flip it so the cut side is oriented downward. Cut the back boards away by sawing them on both sides of the middle, lengthwise 2x4.          Some pallets may only have one set of crosswise running boards. In this case, you won't have remove the reverse set of crosswise boards. Be careful when flipping your pallet. During the cutting process, you may have created splinters or jarred pieces of wood loose. Once you've cut along the left side of the middle, lengthwise 2x4, it should pull free easily with your hands or pry bar. Do the same for the right side as well., In many cases, a quick hand sanding with a medium grit sandpaper, rated between 60 and 100, should take the roughness off your cut wood.Focus on edges, burrs, and patches that appear splintery. Sand until the wood is smooth and even.   You can speed the sanding process along by using an automated handheld sander, like an orbital sander. With automated sanders, pay close attention to screws and nails. These can tear the sandpaper, and can even do damage to your sander if you're not careful. When finished sanding, wipe away wood shavings with a clean, damp cloth, and enjoy your new pallet Christmas tree.  After your tree is sanded, you can stain and seal the wood, or you can paint it. Before painting, wipe the wood clean with a water dampened rag, allow the dampness to dry, then:   Open a can of suitable wood primer. Mix it according to its directions. Then use long, smooth strokes with a clean paintbrush to apply several layers to the front of the tree from the top to its bottom.Allow the primer to dry. Then open a can of suitable wood paint and mix it with a paint stirrer. Dip a clean paintbrush into the paint, wipe excess paint on the inside lip of the can, and paint the front of your tree top down with long, even strokes., After your paint is dry, if you want your pallet tree to have a more festive appearance, use decorations, like ornaments, ribbons, glitter, tinsel, and more. These can be attached to your tree with a suitable glue or tape.   You can create the effect of snow on the branches of your pallet tree by dipping a sponge into a little bit of white paint and lightly stippling them. If you want to draw a design on your tree but lack the artistic skill to freehand it, you can always make a stencil and use that to apply the design., For many Christmas celebrating cultures, a Christmas tree is not complete without a strand of lights circling around it. Take a string of lights and wrap it around the branches of your tree until it is completely strung.   If your lights don't hang easily on your tree, you may have to attach them in place. U-shaped tacks or sturdy tape, like duct tape, are useful for holding lights in place. To give your tree the most polished and authentic look, you may want to hide the front and back end of your string of lights behind the tree., You should have two leftover 2x4 boards that you removed from the pallet when cutting the shape of your tree.Take these and use your hammer or pry bar to remove nails and any attached pieces of wood, then:   Measure and mark one long edge of each 2x4 board at its halfway point. An inch (2.54 cm) to either side of your halfway marks, measure and mark a line that extends from long edge to long edge. Lay each board so they are standing upright on their long edge, with your halfway mark oriented upwards. Measure and mark the halfway point between the opposing long edges of the 2x4s. This mark will be at the midpoint of the short edge of the 2x4.  Use your saw to cut the 2x4s at the lines extending between the long sides of the 2x4. The deepness of your notch should not surpass the halfway point you marked between the opposing long edges of each 2x4. Cutting deeper could result in a weak joint between the boards of your stand.   Assemble your stand by fitting the notches together to form an X-shape. You may want to use some wood glue or a fastener, like a screw, to provide additional support where the 2x4s cross., When you lack room to display your cards, you can use push pins or tacks to attach these to your pallet tree to show others.If you want to protect your cards and photos from damage, you might want to use a gentle adhesive tape, instead., A single Christmas tree adds a magical touch to the home in the holiday season. However, by adding a few pallet trees to the room your Christmas tree is in, you can create a magical, winter forest effect in your home.   To give your pallet trees a little more realism, you might want to drape them with similar accents to your living tree., Some festive decorations, like a full sized Christmas tree or wreath, might take up too much space in the smaller rooms of your home. Instead of relying on store bought fake trees, you could use a homemade pallet tree to add holiday cheer to these rooms.   You may be hesitant to use decorations outside your home out of fear they'll be damaged by the weather. Pallet trees are durable and inexpensive to replace, making them excellent outdoor decorations.  The holiday season is a popular time for children and adults alike to put on live performances, sing in cantatas, and so on. Your pallet trees could be the perfect way of creating a woodland or holiday scene on stage.	Prepare your work area. Measure and mark your tape lines. Apply your tape and check for evenness. Wear proper safety equipment. Cut your pallet. Cut the other side, if applicable. Sand your pallet Christmas tree. Paint your pallet tree. Add Christmas themed decorations, if desired. String up lights, if desired. Mark leftover 2x4s to make a stand, if desired. Cut the 2x4s and assemble the tree stand. Display Christmas cards on your tree.The holiday season is a popular time to receive family photos and special cards from your loved ones. Create a winter scene in your home. Add holiday cheer to difficult decorating locations. Use pallet trees as the background to performances.
It should be one that you love a lot, because you will be thinking about it a lot.; , Get on iTunes, and find a song for each part that you listed.  Get on iTunes, and find a song for each character that you listed.  If we were doing Divergent, this could include all the factions. Get on iTunes, and find a song for each place.  If we were doing Harry Potter, this could include the Order of the Phoenix, and the Death Eaters. Get on iTunes, and find a song for each group.  Get on iTunes, and find a song for each chapter.  Get on iTunes, and find a song for each relationship.  Get on iTunes, and find a song for each family.  If they are an outside onlooker, get on iTunes, and find a song for the narrator.  If you were doing Lord of the Rings, this could include Frodo vs Sauron. Get on iTunes, and find a song for each relationship.  Get on iTunes, and find a song for each character loss.  Get on iTunes, and find a song for each battle scene.  If we were doing the Fault in Our Stars, this could include when Augustus find out he his relapsing. Get on iTunes, and find a song for each plot twist.    If the novel has sections, make a list of each section. If we were doing Hunger Games, this would include Part 1 and Part 2. Get on iTunes, and find a song for each section. If there is more than one book in the series, make a list of all the books in the series. If you want, get on iTunes, and find a song for each of the books. If you want, you can also make a separate playlist for the other books.  These could be songs that remind you of the book for no apparent reason, or songs that have a certain mood or idea that relates to the book.   If the book was turned into a movie, get the soundtrack. If the book was turned into a musical, get the songs. If an artist you like ever says a song was inspired by the book, add that song. If there is a movie that is similar to the book, check out that movie's soundtrack and add some of the songs that fit.	Choose a book. Make a list of all the important events in the book. Make a list of characters. Make a list of all the places in the novel. Make a list of the different groups in the book. Make a list of chapters. Make a list of romantic relationships. Make a list of families. Find out if the narrator is a character or an outside onlooker (not in the story, just telling it). Make a list of all the enemy relationships. Make a list of all the deaths and other character losses. Make a list of all the battle scenes. Make a list of all the plot twist. Deal with parts and sections. Get on iTunes to find a bunch of songs that remind you of the book in general. Put your iPod on shuffle and enjoy!
; ,  When you start the dribble you want to push the ball out in front of you to get a quick start. Be sure not to push it out too far or the ball will get stolen.  Then pick the ball up as you are planting your right foot.   This should take anywhere from 1-3 dribbles depending on skill level. 3 at the max. Traveling is taking more than 2 steps without dribbling the ball so make sure you pick the ball up as you plant your right foot about 3-5 feet from the basket.    Your left foot is going to be the foot you jump off of, like a normal right handed layup on the right side. , Move as if they are connected with a string from your elbow to your knee.  There, put the ball off the glass and into the basket.   You want to aim in the middle of the square not the left side.	Start by dribbling the ball on the left side of the floor and basket. Dribble with your left hand towards the basket. Wait until you get about 3-5 feet away from the basket. Step with your left foot.Have the ball in your right hand when you jump. Swing your right leg up as you bring your arm up. Wait until the peak of your jump.
Ask your healthcare provider about local support groups that may be able to help. Chances are, he or she has patients who have needed the same kind of support you are searching for. Attending a group that is recommended by a professional often provides help that is beneficial., If you or your loved one participates in either individual or group therapy, you can ask your therapist to recommend a support group that aligns with your needs. Many therapists are often facilitators for various support groups in the local community.   At the very least, your therapist is probably involved in regional and national mental health organizations that may sponsor support groups in your area. Ask questions to find out how this professional can help you get engaged with a good group.  Talk with the counselor or mental health provider at your school to find groups that may meet where you study. Colleges and universities often have professional- and student-run groups that meet on campus or virtually.   Joining a group that features members of your own age and who experience the same pressures of school that you are can be extremely helpful.  Call or visit churches, libraries, community centers, and other similar venues in your area. Many offer a variety of support groups and may have resources on those in the area, if they do not.   Typically, good support groups have contact people who can give you the information you need before attending and can help you determine if this type of group is appropriate for you., Decide if you have the time and skills it takes to run your own support group, if you are unable to find one that already exists or one you like.Once you determine if you are able to lead a group, you’ll need to find a space to hold the meetings. Some are held in homes, but often, hospitals and churches allow groups to meet at no charge.	Talk to your primary care provider. Consult with your therapist. Ask support services at your school. Contact local churches or community centers. Start a support group of your own.
Get online or do book research. For your online research, do not use Wikipedia, ask, etc... Use only documented sites such as Time, college sites, and government websites.  You will not get credit for doing that. use a maximum of three to five words and document the web address and page number. If you are using a book, document the title, author, and page number  , Start your introduction paragraph with a statement. Introduce your topic. Add what you are going to talk about. Finally write your thesis statement.  All three will take the same format. State the topic of the paragraph. First sentence, write an intro to the evidence. Second sentence, state the evidence as such: "FEMA needs to put more money into helping victims of natural disasters because ....." then cite the source the evidence came from such as this (Brown, 3) it is (Author, Page # Write a sentence of explanation of the evidence. Do this three times per paragraph for three paragraphs.  Restate your thesis, then state the topics of the body in chronological order, state your conclusion  , Take all the evidence you used in the essay. A good site to use for this is easybib.com  ,, Don't let your hard work go to waste!	Choose your topic. When taking notes, do not copy word for word, that is plagiarism!, Write your rough draft. Write the body paragraphs. Write your conclusion. Make sure you do a bibliography. Revise and correct mistakes.  , Print out and turn in by the due date!
One like "snowangle12" is fine... If you think bad spelling (it's 'angel') and unoriginality makes a good username. Yeah, no. Try to be creative and unique with your Animal Jam username. This will make it - and you - memorable. A decent username can be pretty hard to come by, so if you do, only take it if you're certain that you will commit yourself and not become another 'Over 30 days'.   have numbers in your username Twinkle... 0122. Animaljammer... 330. If you're one of those lucky few who manage to snatch a one-word username (e.g. Aparri, Bepper, Skorm, Bruizer, Choruss, Refraction), capitalizing the first letter is recommended. What do WisteriaMoon, LilacPetal, WootMoo, GummyUnicorn, BubblegumBee and WooshieWoo all have in common? They all have names in two, capitalized parts. However, WooshieWoo's Animal Jam username is styled as Wooshiewoo, as Jammers can no longer capitalize their username except for the first letter. You can change your username once by e-mailing AJHQ at support@animaljam.com and requesting a username change.; , You will become popular.  Whether you like it or not, rares are a big part of Animal Jam and something that does contribute and sometimes even cause fame. One long Rare Spiked Collar should be good for appearances, but keep in mind that, while rares are more important than people like to admit, it's not the smartest idea to show them off., One word: giveaways. Big giveaways. Show your fans that you really do care about them!   If possible, log into Animal Jam daily, especially on Mondays to get the RIM (Rare Item Monday). While most rares, especially member ones, fizzle out, some will amass rarity over time. A good example of this is the Rare Necklace, which many people recycle due to its undesirable nature. However, it is now worth up to as much as a Headdress. Even if it's tempting to recycle that member or non-member RIM to make room for other, better rares, keep a hold on them. Make a separate, storage account exclusively for those little things that may or may not be the next black long!  , Choose your own animal. Arctic wolfs are used by everyone so you can uses an animal that no one uses and maybe you can start making jammers wear that animal Note if you are nonmember, you can always use wolves or bunnies.   When you think of WolfDog, you think of a wolf. Their looks are cool because they match their personality.  Don't copy a personality; create your own. Try to match up your outfit to make a kind of signature look.  Make one hundred friends. Delete people now and again so more people get the chance to buddy you.    Get at least ten subs before you take it up a notch.  Examples: Sky High, Nyan cat challenge, Talkshows, Music Videos, Mail times (if you are famous enough to get a lot of gifts, never ask people to gift you for a mail time) Daily jamaaliday gifts ( It depends on the time of year, such as Halloween ) Make sure to leave links on your YouTube channel to your social media pages.   Make any videos you think are interesting and post them to your channel. Never make a video that says: I just got a Rare Spiked Collar. It will make you seem of less interest to your viewers.  If you do this, more people will recognize you and you'll become more famous.  Some good sites to use: Twitter, Tumblr, Facebook, Google+, or Instagram.  These include the activities explained in this section.,, Make money, have many animals, many dens, and rares. Recycle store bought items that you get in mail times to get gems. , This will open up lots more opportunities to increase your fame in the game.  This will be a place where others can come and spend time hanging out with you, thereby making you famous.  Make a club/clan name that can be perfect. like, AJ Rockers, Beetles, Bag Bugs, or anything else.  You want jammers to know it's a club/clan, so make the club/clan epic, like put epic rare stuff in your den or so. , Talk about what you do in the club/clan, like, you might sing, do adventures, bands, it doesn't matter.  If you scam, you will have a chance of getting suspended for a day, a week, a month, or even for an infinite period of time.  Hacking is a way to get banned even though it could get you many rares.	Choose an appropriate username. Try hosting parties, fashion shows, etc. Be rare. If you want people to gift you stuff when you're famous, you're going to have to return the favour. Choose your custom animal. Have a personality. Build a following. Make a YouTube channel and encourage everyone to subscribe to you. Make exciting videos. Make accounts on different social media sites (Twitter, Instagram, Picmonkey). Do activities that are likely to increase your fame. Send many jam a grams and start mail times, giveaways, blogs, websites, channels, etc.  , Be rich.Have fun in all your adventures, Don't give up at your dreams and reach for victory to become famous like Bepper or Wootmoo!, Get a membership. Decide on a club/clan idea. Make a name for the club/clan. Make it epic.Start calling it out  , Be nice. Don't scam. Avoid hacking.
You can either eat it, use it for another recipe, or discard it. Do this for all the oranges.; , Your orange rinds will need to be steady. You can place them on the top of plastic cups or in a muffin tray if you have one.  Dissolve the Jello powder package in the water. Stir until the powder completely disappears. , Pour into the middle of the orange to ensure that the jello sits evenly.  Check on it by shaking the pan in the fridge slightly to see how much it shakes. If it appears to be liquidy, it's not ready.  Serve only to those of drinking age. Keep out of the reach of children, who may see these as a dessert.   Cut the jello into orange slices for individual shots.	Cut the orange in half and scoop the inside of the orange and set it aside. Place your orange rinds on a sheet pan. Get a medium sized bowl and add the boiling water to it. Add the vodka and cold water to the bowl and mix thoroughly.  , Pour the Jello mixture into the hollowed orange skins. Place the cookie sheet in the refrigerator for about 2 to 4 hours (about the same time to make regular Jello solid). Serve responsibly.
; , However, leave about 150 pixels of room above the top pen tool mark.  Do this by clicking off the tab. Experiment with the right distance. You'll notice that every tab has two lines coming from it.       By clicking and dragging these lines, you can control the direction of the path, without moving the 'tab'. You may do this as seen fit as to what you will create; the example is using a heart, so the lines will be altered into the shape of half a heart. The reason why there is only a half is that since a heart is symmetrical, this half can be duplicated and flipped to create the other half. The heart in the example has been done a little different and is asymmetrical.  Fill with a gradient color of your choice. The example uses a normal red to dark red radial gradient.  Adjust as needed.	Create a new image that is 500 pixels high and 500 pixels wide. Select your path tool and create a line from the top of the canvas to the bottom. Pull the tab upwards towards the left hand corner of your canvas. Click 'Create Selection From Path' in your tool options. Duplicate the layer that your half heart is on, and go to Layer > Transform > Flip Horizontally.
Listening is as important as what you say. If you are in a team meeting, you should probably listen to your employees before speaking yourself.To become a skilled listener, get rid of any distractions. Put away your phone or tablet, and don’t glance back over your shoulder to your computer screen. Instead, focus on the person who is talking.As you listen, focus on body language, which contains important cues. Someone who claims to be happy while sitting with their arms crossed is saying one thing but signaling another. Also tend to your own body language as you listen. Practice sitting still and listening to people share bad news. It’s important not to snap back in response.  You never know where you best ideas will come from, so you should encourage team members to voice their opinions. Give people many outlets for sharing their ideas. Not everyone likes to talk in meetings, so welcome people to share ideas via email or in individual meetings with you.   Remember not to make fun of someone for their ideas, even if those ideas are unoriginal or poorly thought out.If you knock someone for voicing an opinion, you are sending a message that people should keep their ideas to themselves. Also ensure everyone can participate. This may mean reining in any team member who is overly negative or is trying to dominate the conversation.Say something like, “Gregg, thanks for sharing your thoughts. I definitely hear you. Now, I’d like to hear from Sonia and Marie.”  , Effective communication is clear and thorough.Strive to be as clear as possible to minimize misunderstandings. Think before you reach out to someone else and make sure you know what you want to say.   Balance thoroughness with brevity. You don’t need to take up everyone’s time with endless emails or team memos. Get to the point.  Email is incredibly convenient. You can pop off a written note to a team member at any time of the day and retain a copy of your communication. However, it’s difficult to read someone’s tone in an email. For example, you might send an email intended as a joke which the recipient perceives is hostile.   No modern business can survive without email. However, use it strategically. For example, you should avoid email if you are having a difficult relationship with one team member. Instead, communicate face to face so that they can read your non-verbal cues.  Meetings often take longer than necessary. If possible, communicate in other ways. If you do hold a meeting, draft a schedule and distribute it ahead of time. Stick to it as much as possible.Sometimes, you need to have meetings, and an effective manager can identify those times. Don’t hold a meeting when you can send a memo instead. However, hold meetings to brainstorm, or when you want to hear your employees’ perspective.  As a manager, you are also a coach. You need to provide guidance to your team members so that they can perform at their best level. Tailor your feedback to each team member’s communication styles and motivation.   Ideally, however, you will balance negative feedback with praise.Also follow up negative feedback with concrete advice. Don’t say, “Maybe focus harder.” Instead, show an employee how they can manage their workflow, or put them in touch with someone who can help them. Remember your company’s employee assistance program (EAP). You aren’t a therapist tasked with helping an employee sort out their personal life. However, you can encourage them to contact the EAP and schedule a counseling session.  In your early days as a manager, make it your goal to get out and meet everyone in the organization who directly or indirectly affects your team.Walk around the building and introduce yourself to people. Ask questions about their department.   Communicating broadly helps in two ways. First, you’ll get to know who you should contact whenever you need help. For example, you might find out that an assistant wields all of the power in Human Resources. They can be your go-to person. Second, you’ll build rapport with people, who might go the extra mile to help you when you need it.  Communication is also non-verbal. Maintain your credibility in the eyes of your team, which means looking like the manager on your team. Aim to dress slightly more professional than your team members.If your employees dress casual, you should dress business casual. If your employees dress business casual, then wear a suit to work.  In fact, they should respect you, not be your best friend. If you’re too nice, employees may slack off, knowing they have nothing to fear.You don’t gain much by being “hard as nails,” either. Instead, aim to show empathy. Remember that “kindness,” not “niceness,” is what is important.  Shy people can certainly be effective managers. However, you need to work deliberately to counteract your shyness. Consider the following tips:Get to know team members in a way that feels comfortable. For example, you might want to schedule one-on-one meetings in your office at first. Write a short agenda that will give you something to refer to if you feel tongue-tied. Prepare properly. Employees tend to question business decisions, so arm yourself with facts ahead of time to explain the decision you’ve made. This will help you speak authoritatively. Lean on mentors to help you. Find someone higher up to coach you on difficult tasks, such as disciplining employees. Be yourself. You’re shy—and that’s okay. You don’t need to pretend to be a standup comic. Instead, be yourself. If you’re consistent, your team will come around to appreciate your management style.	Listen. Encourage others to participate. Be clear. Use email carefully. Minimize your use of meetings. Provide effective feedback. Communicate across all levels of the organization. Dress the part. Don’t obsess about being “nice.” The sign of a novice manager is a fear that your team won’t like you. Overcome shyness.
For the best chance of saving the kitten, you should seek veterinary care sooner rather than later. If possible, you should bring the entire litter in for examination to rule out a litter-wide health issue. The queen, or litter mother, should also be examined by the vet., It’s possible that the mother and fading kitten have different blood types. If this is the case, nursing is impossible. Without the ability to nurse, the kitten is prone to malnutrition and infections.If the mother and kitten have different blood types, the kitten will need to be bottle or intravenously fed.  The vet should administer a blood test and bacterial culture to identify an infection or infestation. Fading kitten syndrome can be due to a variety of viral or bacterial infections. Internal and external parasites can also compromise a newborn kitten’s health.Improper nursing or failure to nurse can increase the risk of infection and infestation. During the first few weeks after giving birth, the mother passes protective antibodies through colostrum, which is a fluid the kittens ingest when they nurse.  	Bring the kitten to the vet at the first sign of trouble. Test the kitten and mother’s blood types. Have the vet test for infections.
; ,,          If the stems are tender, you don't have to cut them away. They can be used along with the caps of the mushrooms for added flavor. ,          Depending on the recipe and the method you decide to use in shiitake mushroom preparation, you can slice them, chop them into pieces, or even use them whole. Slices go well for side dishes, while smaller pieces are best in soups, stuffings or sauces. ,          You can grill them by brushing them with olive oil and putting them on the grill for about 5 to 10 minutes. Sauté them with butter, salt and pepper for 4 to 5 minutes in a hot skillet. Try roasting them sliced or whole in the oven for about 15 minutes after basting them with oil. If you plan to prepare shitake mushrooms by using them in a recipe such as stuffed mushroom caps, mushroom stuffing, or mushroom gravy, closely follow the recipe of your choice.	Select your shitake mushrooms from the produce section of your local grocery store. Wash your mushrooms thoroughly but gently.         , Remove any tough spots on the stems, or the entire stem, when preparing shitake mushrooms. Dry your shitake mushrooms by blotting them with paper towel or a clean kitchen towel.         , Cut your shitake mushrooms as desired using a sharp kitchen knife. Gather other ingredients you might need for preparing your shitake mushrooms, including butter, oil and herbs and spices.         , Select the desired method of cooking your shitake mushrooms. Serve your prepared shitake mushrooms.
Roll out a yoga or exercise mat, and sit in the center. Sit with your back straight and shoulders relaxed. Draw your abdomen in towards your spine to engage your muscles as you do this exercise., Whichever leg you are not working will be in front. With the thigh extending straight from the hip, bend the knee at a 90 degree angle. The front thigh should be extended straight from your hip. It needs to rest completely against the floor., The back leg will be the one that is lifted. Pull back the leg behind your hip and bend it. The back knee must stay behind your hip at all times. Resist bringing it forward to be parallel with your hip.When you are in position, your legs should be almost in the splits.	Sit on the floor. Angle one knee in front. Bend the other knee behind you.
This may be the biggest “no brainer” step of all, because you need to have good information on the card if it’s going to be helpful. Try to think of making flash cards as part of the study process, not just a step that allows you to study. It is oftentimes the first foray into the study process for you. Pay close attention to the material. Try to add your own insight while you are making them. It will help you remember the information later on.   Some researchers even think that hand-written flash cards work more effectively than those made on MS Word, with other software programs, or online. Princeton and UCLA psychologists found that information retention increases when students are forced to write it out on paper. Your brain is forced to process the new material in a different way than if you simply type it out verbatim., Don’t just make the flash cards and look them over right before a test. Reference them frequently. Set aside a chunk of study time when you won’t be disturbed. Go through the notecards methodically. Keep them at hand throughout the day and reference a couple during television commercials, when you are sitting on the bus, or waiting in line at the grocery store. Your goal is to know the entire stack backwards, forwards, and mixed up. You can only do this if you test yourself frequently., It doesn’t matter if the other person is in your class or not. All they have to do is be able to read to you what you’ve written on the card. Have them show you one side of the card. You then explain the material on the other side, making sure that you use key phrases.   If you are new to the information, you might even have your study helper show you the side with the information and then you say the key word., One of the biggest mistakes that students make is discarding their flash cards after the quiz or exam. Information compounds over the course of the semester and from one class to the next. If you are taking a course that has several parts, consider creating a much larger “bank” of flash cards to reference in the coming months.	Take your time to make flash cards. Test yourself frequently. Have someone test you. Keep your notecards until you are absolutely sure that you don’t need them.
Witches have been in the PC edition since 1.4.2, and in the console edition since December 2014. They are not available in Minecraft Pocket Edition.   A known bug in the PC edition version 1.8 prevents witches from spawning in witch huts for some players (possibly just in Windows 7).As of November 2015, there is no word on whether this will be fixed in 1.9.  Each witch killed only gives about a 16% chance of dropping gunpowder, compared to a 66% chance when killing creepers. However, the witch can drop up to six items and may drop other items like spider eyes or glowstone. This makes them more profitable if you're interested in these extra items.  You can find witches anywhere, but they're much more common around witch huts. These wooden buildings on stilts only spawn in swamp biomes, which are watery areas filled with trees.   Witch huts can be difficult to find. You can try using a mapping mod such as AMIDST.  Dig a small pit in front of the hut's doorway. A short distance away, build a small hill or tower. Make sure you have line of sight to fire bows from this high ground into the pit. Include a barrier to hide behind as well, since witches throw damaging potions.   Warning: the hut may contain a witch. Be prepared for a fair fight before you set up your trap.  Bows and arrows are the easiest way to kill a witch. If you draw back the bow fully before firing, three arrows will do the trick.   Witches can drink healing potions so that you may need additional arrows.  Alternatively, just run up to the witch and kill it with a sword. Once you know how the witch's potions work, this isn't too difficult:The witch will slow you down if it sees you from more than eight blocks away. Ambush it from behind a tree or barrier to prevent this. The witch will poison you. Poison cannot kill you, but it can bring you to one health. Have a healing item ready to recover after the combat. Each subsequent potion will deal six damage. You should survive if you have decent armor and can kill the witch quickly.	Check your version number. Know the odds. Find a witch hut. Dig a trap in front of the house (optional). Shoot the witch when it spawns. Kill the witch with a sword.
This will help you finish off the quests faster. Don't worry; this can be done very easily in starting areas. For example, gather 1 quest that requires you to kill X mobs, 1 quest that requires you to loot Y objects you find on those mobs, and 1 quest that requires you to gather some stuff that can be found in nature (not on mobs). After you complete all of them, go report those quests.; , Level up to 2 by grinding, since you have to kill a very small number of mobs to level up. Start with mobs of higher level (3 and so).  This will ensure that you defeat mobs easily. As soon as you can learn a new one, rush to the trainer.  Avoid melee fights at any cost. Most mobs can't attack from range; that is a huge advantage to you. Enhance your ranged attacks as much as you can (i.e. buy better ranged weapons). Make sure the mob is dead before it comes close enough for them to attack you.  Although it's not advisable to do this at higher levels, when you are below level 20 you must loot everything you find. Sell the junk to the vendor and gain some extra coppers and maybe even silvers.	Gather as many quests as you can that can be done in the same area. Don't be afraid of grinding!, Use as many spells and abilities as you can. Attack from range if possible. Loot all the useless junk you find.
Do not give out their contact information to potential employers unless they give you their explicit permission.   When asking your references for permission to give out their contact information, make sure that they plan on giving a positive recommendation. It’s also a good idea to ask your references how they would prefer to be contacted (ex. email, work phone, cell phone, etc.).  You don't need to have "References available upon request" at the bottom of your resume. Employers will assume you have references and will ask for them specifically - usually at the end of the hiring process.   Unless you are applying to be a nanny, personal assistant, or something with a similar level of one-on-one interaction, the main body of your resume should not even mention references.  The heading should include your name in a clear, bold font. In a slightly smaller font beneath that, you should include your address, phone number, and email. For aesthetic reasons, you can align your contact information to the opposite corner, as below.   You may also want to add a line underneath the heading in order to clearly separate it from the rest of the document. If you include a line, choose one that is simple and elegant. For a more cohesive, professional look, maintain the same style and formatting that you used in your resume.  The title should be in a slightly larger font - about the same size as your name is in the header.   Choose a simple, clear title that reflects the content of the page. "Professional References for (Your Name)" is a good example.  There are no hard rules for what order to list your references. It can be handy to list your "best" references first - that is, references that are extremely positive and that have worked with you for the longest.   Begin your reference list by listing the name of the first reference in bold. In the line beneath that, write their relationship to you and the company you both worked at. Include the work address beneath that – provided that they still work at the company where you both worked together; If they do not, leave the work address out and remember to check to make sure that your contact information is current. If your reference has agreed to be contacted by phone, list the phone number next. Remember to indicate whether the number is for a work phone or cell phone. If your reference has agreed to be contacted by email, include the e-mail last (as email is less personal than a phone call).  If you have experience in multiple fields of work, breaking your reference list into several subsections, one for each field, will make the page easier to read for your employer.   Keep in mind that references that you gained while working in a field of work that differs greatly from the one you are applying for shouldn't be listed.	Make sure your references know that you will be using them as references. Use a separate page for your references. Start your reference list with a heading. Under the heading, add a clear title. List your references and their relevant information. Format any additional references in a similar way.
Even if nothing of note has transpired, it's important to set aside time to blog. Getting in the rhythm of blogging can be difficult, but pretty soon you'll be doing it by instinct: Like the first day of school, it may be a bit awkward at first, but you soon make friends and grow comfortable in your new environment.   Think about special themed days when posting. If you wanted, for example, you could have "Maniac Mondays," where each Monday, you blog about one person whose crazy ideas changed the world. This lends your blog some structure and helps keep you writing, even when you're not exactly sure what to write about.  If you're having trouble writing, keep your blog posts short. A blog can be different from a diary, expose, or news article. It's meant to be digested quickly, to offer interlocking pieces of evidence and tie them together concisely. Keep these three guidelines in mind when you start blogging:   A blog can be a place for reading. Jot things down quickly rather than write extended essays on them. A "Hey, look at this!" seems to be a lot more effective in blog form than a "And these are all the reasons why I'm better than you." Use links. Link out to other interesting pieces of content out on the web. For one, it will help you remember interesting sites that you stumble across. Second, it will save you the time to paraphrase what's going on — unless that's what you're trying to do! Revisit old themes. Just because you've already written a blog doesn't mean you need to file it away in a musty place. Revisit your feelings about that article in a new article, for example.  For example, "E made me very mad today; I've had it up to here with his selfishness." This ensures that no feelings will be hurt should someone stumble upon your blog.  Feelings do not always make sense! Fortunately, they don't have to. All that matters is that your emotions end up blogged rather than expressed as an ulcer. Remember that your blog exists only as an outlet for you. You don't have to worry about pleasing other people if you don't want to.   Often, you'll find that writing about something helps you understand it. So even if you don't quite understand it yet, being truthful about it can help you figure it out. Writing is an act of self-discovery. If you're truthful when you write, you're sure to discover things about yourself that you didn't know about.  Once you have blogged for a while, go back and review. Have you learned the sources of stress in your life? Can you identify any running themes? Is a particular person toxic to your emotional health?  , Even if you are anonymous, your blog may still be enjoyed by readers and commentors. Often, they leave a comment underneath your article expressing praise, opinions, or questions. Successful bloggers understand that interacting with these fans of your work is an important part of spurring readership.Respond to most, not all, comments. Often, a reader will leave a comment urging you to keep on writing. A simple "Thank you, appreciated," might be a good way to respond. Other times, people will ramble off-topic or express very controversial opinions. It is not necessary to respond to each and every one of your commenters if you don't wish to.Include a call to action at the end of a post (optional). Obviously, if you don't intend to show your blog to other people, a call to action is unnecessary. But if you enjoy the thought of soliciting the opinion of your readers, include something like "What was your favorite Christmas present?" or "What do you think about the Federal stimulus?" in an appropriately themed post.  The people closest to you care about your thoughts and feelings. Although you've probably started a personal blog as a placeholder for your own thoughts and emotions, it can be powerful to share those experiences with other people. What you're doing is starting a conversation, and conversation can be enlightening, uplifting, and powerful.  For example, maybe you've just been given a diagnosis of cancer and decided to start a blog to document your journey. You only intended for it to be seen by you. But what you grew to understand as you started writing was that sharing your deepest fears and desires actually brought you closer to the people around you; it made you more human. Sharing this realization with your close friends and family can be incredibly freeing.	Try to blog every day. Keep posts short. Use first letters of names when writing about others to maintain anonymity. Be truthful. Learn from your posts. Interact with your community of readers and commentors. Share your writing with close friends and family.
If you have started meditating or practicing other relaxation techniques to reduce stress, make use of them when you're having an episode. Practice deep breathing, progressive muscle relaxation, meditation, or any other activity that helps you feel centered and calm.  If you choose to consult a doctor or therapist about your condition, he or she will want to know about the circumstances that may trigger your symptoms. This information is important to develop an effective treatment plan. When you have an episode, document the time of day, what you were doing, and any emotions you experienced before the onset of symptoms. Also document the time when the symptoms subside.If you are keeping a journal, this is good information to include in your daily entry. If you are not journaling and have a smartphone, consider creating notes on your phone to keep the information handy.  Various therapeutic modalities may be beneficial, so explore various options. Psychodynamic and cognitive behavioral individual talk therapies have been shown to be successful treatments for depersonalization/derealization disorder. If conflict contributes to your symptoms, consider couples or family therapy in addition to individual therapy. Joining a support group may be helpful if you are experiencing feelings of isolation.Be sure to tell your counselor or therapist you want to avoid medication.	Use relaxation techniques to stay calm during an episode. Document the events preceding the onset of symptoms. Seek help from a mental health professional if symptoms last for long periods of time or occur often.
Apple is meticulous with its packaging. On new boxes, the colors should be bright and unfaded, and the images crisp and unblurred. Authentic boxes also bear a stamp on the back that reads, "Designed by Apple in California."   Fake iPhones can be packaged in reused authentic boxes.; , There should be a label should be on the back of the packaging.   Check the MEID and IMEI on the device itself by opening Settings, then tap General, tap About, and scroll down to see the MEID and IMEI for comparison. IMEI stands for International Mobile Equipment Identity; MEID stands for Mobile Equipment Identifier.  The back of the iPhone features manufacturing details including a set of codes and the model number. Check that the Model and IMEI numbers match those numbers on the retail box label.  To do so, click the link to the left or type "checkcoverage.apple.com" in a Web browser and enter the device serial number.  The serial number should be on the back of the packaging. Open Settings on the device, then tap General, tap About, and scroll down to see the Serial Number on the device for comparison.  Take the device into an Apple Store or compare it with a friend's iPhone 5.	Inspect the packaging. Compare the MEID and IMEI on the packaging with those in the iPhone. Check the back logo. Check the device serial number on the Apple website. Compare the device side-by-side with an authentic iPhone 5.
Make sure to pick a large, ripe watermelon. To check ripeness, knock on the watermelon. If the knock sounds like a dull thud, it is underripe. If the knock makes an almost hollow-sounding noise, the watermelon should be ripe.Make sure that the watermelon has a round, regular size and feels heavy. When fruit feels heavy for its size, it means that it has a lot of water inside and is ripe.; , Wash the watermelon, then lay it on a cutting board. With a large knife, Peel a Watermelon by first cutting off the very top and bottom, then placing the watermelon upright and slicing downward to remove the rind.Make sure to keep your fingers clear of the area of the watermelon you are cutting. Also use a sharp knife so that you don't run the risk of having to use excessive force and accidentally nicking yourself with the knife. After cutting off the rind, slice off any white strips on the watermelon until you’re left with only the red fruit.  After you have removed the rind, chop the red fruit into one-inch (2.5 centimeter) pieces. These pieces don’t have to be precise since you’ll be cooking them down, they just have to be relatively small chunks., Place the watermelon chunks and the juices in a large pot and turn the heat to medium. You will cook the watermelon down so it liquefies and can be turned into wine., As the watermelon heats, it should begin breaking down. Help to speed up the process by mashing the fruit with a large spoon and stirring the watermelon frequently. Stop when most of the fruit has broken down, about a half hour, and remove the pot from heat., Carefully pour out 14 cups (3.5 liters) of the watermelon juice through a fine mesh strainer to catch any of the watermelon seeds or large chunks of the fruit.If you have leftover juice after you pour out the 14 cups (3.5 liters), you can reserve it to drink cooled or to use in cocktails. Store the leftover juice in a sealed container in the refrigerator for up to three days.  After you’ve finished straining out the seeds from the watermelon, pour the 14 cups (3.5 liters) of juice into a large pot. Add the granulated sugar to the pot, and heat until almost boiling. Stir until the sugar is dissolved. Then remove the pot from the heat., Wait until the watermelon and sugar mixture cools to room temperature, then add the acid blend and the yeast nutrient. Stir with a whisk until they dissolve, which should take around thirty seconds., Carefully pour the watermelon juice into a 1 gallon (3.7 liters) carboy or another large fermentation container. Then cover the top of the container with a cloth and let it sit for 24 hours.Fermentation containers include heavy-seal plastic bins, glass or plastic carboys, and stainless steel kegs and tanks. The most important aspect of a fermentation container is its ability to seal completely and keep out oxygen. Before the using the fermentation container and other fermentation equipment, sanitize them by soaking them in a mixture of water and bleach, with 1 tablespoon of bleach to each gallon of water, for at least twenty minutes., After the juice has sat for 24 hours, add the Champagne yeast by sprinkling it over the top of the juice. Then use an airtight lock to seal the fermentation container. Let the juice sit overnight., After you have set your wine aside for one day, you should notice that the surface of the liquid has become bubbly and foamy, and bubbles have formed in the airlock. This means that the juice is starting to ferment into wine.   To rack the wine, place the end of a siphon hose into your fermentation container about an inch from the bottom. Then suck the hose to start the siphoning process. The wine will start to move through the tube once you get it started. Place the other end of your tube in the other fermentation container, then seal the lid when all the wine has transferred.You will notice that some wine sediment has been left behind in the first fermentation container. After you notice the bubbles and foam, Rack Wine into another 1 gallon fermentation container to leave behind the sediment.Cap the container and let it sit for two months.  After the three months have passed, repeat the process of racking the wine and place it in a new fermentation container. Cap the wine and leave it two months., After two months has gone by, rack the wine again for the third time. This time, leave the wine for a month or so. By six months of fermenting, the wine should look quite clear., After around six months, there should be no bubbles in the airlock and the wine should look clear. This means that the process of fermentation is over. Rack the wine one last time, but this time transfer the wine into several sanitized bottles. Fill the bottles to one inch below where the bottom of the cork will be., After you have poured the watermelon wine into bottles, soak corks in warm distilled water for 20 minutes. Then place the bottle into the hand corker. Put the cork into the opening of the bottle. Then in one fluid motion, insert the cork into the bottle using the corker.If in doubt of how to use the hand corker, read the instructions on your specific corker. Be sure to use corks that are 1 ¾ inch long.  Now that your wine is corked, it is ready to be consumed! If you want a slightly more nuanced flavor, you can store the wine in a cool dark place for six months to a year. Otherwise, uncork a bottle on a warm summer night and drink it chilled or at room temperature.	Pick the right watermelon. Remove the rind from the watermelon. Chop the watermelon into one-inch cubes. Place the watermelon in a large pot and cook. Stir and mash the watermelon until it’s liquefied. Filter 14 cups of the watermelon juice. Add the sugar to the watermelon juice. Add the acid blend and yeast nutrient. Transfer the juice into a fermentation container and cover. Sprinkle in the yeast and seal the container. Rack the wine and leave it for three months after fermentation begins. Rack the wine again after two months. Rack the wine a third time. Rack the wine into bottles. Cork the bottles. Store or enjoy the watermelon wine.
People generally agree that bald Britney was not her brightest moment. She has platinum blond hair with lighter blond highlights, as well as layered cut that adds texture to her look.  Britney has been seen with her hair in waves as well as simply pulled back in a ponytail or messy bun, so pick a look based on what you're going for.  Britney is always camera ready, of course.   Use bronzer along the frame of your face and under your cheeks to give your face definition. Apply pale rose blush to the apples of your cheeks.  Britney doesn't put on a heavy amount of makeup, but it's certainly noticeable.  Likewise, Britney prefers to go light with lip makeup.  Britney tends to prefer colored lenses that are not extremely dark, as shown in this picture.	Grow out your hair past your shoulders, get extensions, or wear a wig. Style your hair with a brush and blow dryer to give it a voluminous, slightly messy look. Apply foundation and concealer all over your face and neck to fix up any blemishes. Define your eyes with eyeliner, mascara, and a shimmery eyeshadow. Use a light pinkish lipgloss or lipstick for your lips. Get a pair of large, round sunglasses with thick frames.
Before anything else you need to dress like a Hunter. Luckily that is not too difficult. You need brown pants, a white or gray shirt, a blue hoodie and some duct tape.; , This means that you should seem a little crazy or perhaps a little drunk. Also, try to be out mostly at night. If you must come out during the day, then try to stay in the shade whenever possible.   Of course you need to draw the line somewhere. Don't do everything that a character from a first person shooter does, that will create legal trouble for you.  If you aren't crawling, then hunch over and put your hands out in front of you. Try to hold your fingers as if they were mangled in an accident.  The hunters are always climbing around on objects. You should climb around as best you can to complete the image.  Pouncing is not that hard. when you pounce you have to squat like a frog. Using your hands to stabilize your weight. It takes about a half second for the blood to pump into your legs allowing you to jump at lightning speed toward your target.   When you attack your target your victim is on his back. one leg is on one side the other is on the other side of your victim. The important thing to know about a hunters victim is once their on there back their a lot like a turtle they can't get up... In fact a victim can't even push a hunter off once their in this position no matter how hard they try they will never get the hunter off of the victim. Now generally when a hunter is in this position he will be clawing at he's victims abdomen in the hunters blood frenzy. Now that pretty much covers pouncing, face clawing.	Dress the part. Act in character for a Hunter. Crawl fast. Climb on things. Pounce like a hunter.
For many people, the easiest time to work it in is in the morning. Some studies indicate a morning workout leads to more restful sleep. Many people prefer to exercise in the morning because it helps them to wake up and be energized for the day. It’s possible the exercise sets a body up for the rest of the day, exposing us to sunlight, and even aligning the circadian cycle for the day.You can also exercise in the late afternoon or early evening. Although you may already feel exhausted during this part of the day, exercise at this time may energize you for a few minutes, free up some room for dinner, and use up your remaining energy stores. Some studies even indicate afternoon exercise may be most beneficial for the circadian rhythm. On top of that, the energy release could cause you to have deeper sleep. As a result of increased body temperature and other factors, some recommend building in a buffer between working out and sleeping. Exercise before sleep, however, has been found in some studies to actually improve the quality of sleep., While many people have a variety of excuses for skipping exercise, failing to exercise may create the lethargy that ends up in a vicious cycle of insomnia and fatigue. Try a few motivation techniques to ensure you get your necessary exercise.Give yourself a visual cue to work out by keeping your workout gear in plain sight. Seeing your running shoes every day could almost shame you to put them on for a run. Buy plenty of workout clothes. Don’t let laundry day act as an excuse for skipping the gym. Associate your workouts with a cause. There are plenty of ways to fundraise for charity for great causes that link up well to exercise. Get pure donations or iteration-based donations for a charity you feel connected with and you’ll feel too guilty to become lackadaisical.  When, where and how you exercise can affect your sleep cycles. If you don’t have a lot of time, try one of the following suggestions:   Do crunches during your commute. Squeeze your abs for 30 second intervals, relax, then do it again. Use foot power to get to work. Even if it’s jogging from public transportation to your house, fitting in a few minutes every day can make a big difference. Squats around the house are easy to do if you fit them into your daily routine. Picking items up off the floor, grabbing the oven door, putting on your shoes, there are literally unlimited ways to integrate squats into your life.  Even if you don't have time to exercise on a given day, you can still help yourself rest better by staying active instead of being sedentary. For example, parking your car farther from a building and forcing yourself to walk, or taking the stairs every day can have positive effects on weight and sleep. They also use up excess energy and add to your body's need to rest at night.	Find a time to exercise daily. Fight the urge to dismiss exercise. Choose the type of exercise that works best with your routine. Stay active throughout the day.
Do so on all devices and services, such as iCloud and iTunes, that you're signed into with your current Apple ID, EXCEPT the device you're using to change your Apple ID., It's a gray app with gears (⚙️) that's typically located on your home screen., It's the section at the top of the screen that contains your name and image, if you've added one., It's at the top of the first section., It's a blue link on the right side of the screen next to "REACHABLE AT.", It's the first email address in the list, with the words "Apple ID" in small text just below it.  On some devices, you may need to tap a "-" next to the email address rather than swiping left. If your Apple ID ends in @mac.com, @me.com, or @iCloud.com, you will not be able to swipe left.  It's a red button to the right of your Apple ID., You'll be prompted to choose another email address already associated with your Apple ID, if there is one, or to enter a new email address., Use an address that's neither already associated with an Apple ID nor likely to change soon.  If prompted, answer the security questions you set up with your Apple ID or your Apple ID password.  Apple will send an email with a verification code to your new email address., Look for the message sent by Apple., Type the code from the email message in the spaces that appear on your device's screen., You can now sign back in to your devices and Apple services with your new Apple ID.  If you have two-step verification enabled, tap or click on "Allow" on another device, then enter the six-digit code in the spaces on the screen.	Sign out of Apple ID. Open Settings. Tap your Apple ID. Tap Name, Phone Numbers, Email. Tap Edit. Swipe left on your current Apple ID. Tap Delete. Tap Continue. Enter a new email address. Click on Next. Check your email. Enter the verification code. Sign in with your new Apple ID.
Brushing wet hair not only disrupts your hair’s cuticles, it can also stretch hair, leading to breakage. Instead, gently squeeze your hair with a microfiber tower or old t-shirt and comb or finger comb it.Add a touch of your preferred conditional or anti-frizz product.  If you can't brush dry hair but still have to have a decent head of hair on a humid or brisk day, wet your hands and then finger-comb your hair to tackle any frizz and tame any tangles., This way, you are still giving your hair a lift without drying the hair shaft and hair tips.   Look for a blow dryer with a diffuser, as this can limit the amount of heat being blasted on your roots.  As you blow dry your roots, spin around brush through your hair to help smooth the cuticles flat., Towel drying roughs up your hair's cuticle so instead of lying flat, it looks frizzy. Instead, use an absorbent microfiber towel to gently press water out of your hair., These products will only cook your curls, rather than hydrate them and lead to more frizz., These treatments can make your hair brittle and lead to breakage, so go easy on them or avoid them completely. You can use heat-protecters on your hair if you need to. Try a heatless way to straighten/curl your hair.	Avoid brushing wet hair. Wet your fingers before you finger comb dry hair. Only blow dry the roots of your hair. Use a round or boar bristle brush to smooth your hair. Avoid towel drying your hair. Put away the flat irons and curling irons. Avoid over-processing your hair with relaxers and straighteners.
Using a primer is one of the most important steps in creating great looking skin. It is also one that is commonly skipped. Primer is a product that goes on first when applying your make-up. Think of it as the best foundation for your foundation! Primers create a palette that is bright and smooth, which will make the rest of your make-up look flawless. Ask your dermatologist to recommend a primer that is right for you. When used correctly, this product can have a great impact on skin issues such as discoloration and increasing the overall health of your face., The young and fresh look is definitely a trend in fashion right now. But looking natural does not mean that you shouldn't take care to make your skin look smooth and even. Foundation is necessary to create a clear, even-looking skin tone. Make sure to choose your color carefully. The idea is to make your skin look pretty, not painted on. Blend carefully to make sure that there are no lines at the edges of your face--check your jawline especially for noticeable problems.There are many different types of foundation, so don't be afraid to try a few before finding your perfect match. Some common types are liquids, sticks, and powders. Use tools. Proper application can really make all of the difference when using foundation. Try using a make-up sponge or a cosmetics brush to blend.  The skin around your eyes can be one of the biggest trouble areas. Dark circles can tell the world that you are stressed, while puffiness can indicate that you didn't sleep well. Those are personal problems, and you don't need your skin to telegraph that information. That is why it is important to give your eyes plenty of attention when trying to make your skin look great in a flash.Try using a sheer concealer to cover dark circles. This goes on before your foundation, and is only used for spot treatments. To battle puffiness, try using an eye cream--many have immediate results!, You should get in the habit of following a nightly skin care routine. The 10 minutes you spend on your skin each evening can immediately help you achieve the gorgeous skin you want. Typically, your skin care routine will involve 5 steps: cleansing, toner, serum, repair cream, and moisturizer. Make sure that you use products that are right for your skin.If your skin is sensitive, meaning that you are prone to breakouts or redness, look for skin-care products that have the words "gentle" or "calming" in the name or product description. If you suffer from extreme dryness, try something with the words "extra" or "super" next to "moisturizing" or "hydrating". When searching for the skin-care regimen that is right for you, do your research. Don't be afraid to search out a consultant at one of the department store cosmetics counters. They will be be happy to explain products like toners and serums. Plus, they'll likely give you some free samples!  , Make sure that you know what goes into your skin care products and make-up. There are definitely some ingredients that you want to avoid, so be certain to read labels. Just like you would not knowingly eat something that could harm you, you also do not want to put something on your face that could have dangerous side effects.   Some ingredients to avoid are: BHA (can increase sensitivity to sun) and triclosan (which can affect hormone regulation). Consider finding products that tout natural ingredients., Your skin takes a beating every day. Moisturizing is the most important thing you can do to repair the damage caused by things such as weather and pollutants. If dry skin is your problem, you probably aren't moisturizing enough. Or you could be using the wrong product. Make sure to apply moisturizer in the morning and at night, and anytime you wash your face. Rub the cream into your skin, gently but firmly. Take care to use less pressure on the sensitive skin around your eyes.For extra hydration, try applying a special mask once a week. Hydrating masks come in many forms (think gels and creams) and are very effective. Try using a hydrating mask before a big night out. You'll definitely see fast results!	Use a primer. Apply foundation. Focus on the eyes. Get in a routine. Read the ingredients. Moisturize.
Having the information you need ready will save time over having to look for it when you need to consult it while reading archival documents or when asking questions.   One way to organize your documents is with a 3-ring binder that zips or snaps closed. You may want to use dividers or Trapper-style folders to subdivide your documents by the family members you're researching or by the research sites you plan to visit.  Looking like a researcher instead of a tourist and being focused will help you get both the co-operation and assistance of courthouse workers, librarians, and cemetery caretakers in finding the information you want.  Let the people who are assisting you with your research know as precisely as possible what you're looking for. Identify the ancestor by name, date, and place of birth, and mention what records you've already checked, then ask, "What other records do you have that can help me?"  , If you visit a cemetery during a funeral, while someone is purchasing a plot, or while maintenance work is being done, ask if there's a better time to return. Always thank the people who've assisted you, even if you don't find out any genealogical information.	Organize your documents prior to each day's research. Dress professionally. Ask specific questions. Be courteous.
If your dog is hungry or left out in the yard all day every day, she will probably bark. No amount of training or behavioral techniques will subdue her need for food and comfort. Make sure your dog always has plenty of cool, clean water to drink any time she needs it, two to three nutritious meals each day, and access to the inside of your home.  Sometimes barking is your dog's way of indicating to you that she is injured or sick. If there is a chance that your dog might have some medical problem or injury, you should take her to see a vet as soon as possible., Teaching your dog the "quiet" command is an excellent training technique. It will be useful for any kind of problem barking, though it may be the only option for certain behavioral problems like territorial alarm barking.Any time your dog starts barking unnecessarily, hold up a treat to distract her from the perceived intruder.Once your dog has stopped barking, say the word "quiet" and give her the treat.Gradually lengthen the duration of time she must be quiet before getting the treat. Eventually, she should reach a point where simply saying the word "quiet" without showing her a treat will elicit a silent response., Exercise is a great way to curb problem behavior, including excessive barking. Whether your dog is anxious, territorial, or simply bored, getting a good workout will probably help reduce the frequency and intensity of her problem barking.Depending on your dog's age and physical abilities, you can exercise her in a number of ways. Long walks are good for older dogs, while younger dogs might enjoy going jogging with you, chasing a ball for a game of fetch, playing tug-of-war, or other interactive toys., If your dog has barking problems whenever she sees or hears something outside, a simple solution might be to block her access to seeing or hearing that trigger. If she stands at the window and barks, try putting up curtains or blinds so she can't see passing people or animals. If the sounds she hears outside tend to set her off, try leaving a radio on during the day to distract her and muffle the sounds outside your home., There are many different types of dog behavior specialists, each with their own unique qualifications. No matter what kind of expert you choose, you should always check the person's qualifications and look for recommendations or reviews online. If you can't find an expert online, ask your vet for recommendations on an expert who can help your dog with her unique needs.Trainers are often certified, but not always. Trainers may also go by other titles, such as behavior counselor, pet therapist, and pet psychologist.Certified Professional Dog Trainers (CPDTs) are certified by an independent organization. In order to become certified, a prospective CPDT must complete a rigorous hands-on training program, pass a standardized test, and provide letters of recommendation.Behaviorists may have a number of different types of titles, but essentially any kind of behaviorist must have earned a master's degree or a PhD in animal behavior. Typically a behaviorist with a doctoral degree will be called a Certified Applied Animal Behaviorist (CAAB), while a behaviorist with a master's degree will be called an Associate Certified Applied Animal Behaviorist (ACAAB)., Bark deterrents like anti-bark collars are very unpleasant for dogs, and should only be used as a last resort when no other method has worked. Some people oppose bark collars because of the perception that these bark deterrents are punishment devices. Training works much better than punishment devices, and training will of course provide the best long-term solutions to behavioral problems, but if training hasn't worked for your dog and your landlord has threatened eviction or police intervention, you may need to resort to a bark collar.Citronella collars deliver a small, short blast of citronella every time the dog barks. These types of collars have been shown to be at least as effective as electronic collars, and do not risk causing any pain or real discomfort to the dog.Ultrasonic bark collars deliver an ultrasonic noise that only dogs can hear. It is unpleasant for the dog, but does not cause any real pain.Shock collars are similar to citronella and ultrasonic collars, but instead deliver a brief electric shock to the dog's neck. These collars typically have a number of different settings to change how intense the shock is, and if using one of these collars it is best to use the lowest setting possible to prevent injury to the dog. Again, these should only be used as an absolute last resort.	Meet your dog's needs. Rule out medical problems. Use training methods. Give her more exercise. Block what bothers her. Consult an expert. Try bark deterrents.
Find some photos of hair colors that you want to create with bleach and go online to look up what those colors are called and what products work best for creating them. Also consider what hair color you’re starting with.  Consider looking up something like: “What hair products work best for bleaching black hair?” or “How to bleach red hair platinum blonde.”; , To properly bleach your hair with professional supplies, you will need to buy a number of products. Each of these is important and will be crucial at different stages of the bleaching process. These products include:   Bleach powder: this comes in either packets or tubs. Crème developer: choose this product according to the color of your natural hair. If your hair is already blonde or light brown, use a 10 or 20 volume (10V or 20V) developer. If your hair is dark brown or black, you’ll need to use 20V developer and give it more time to process. Talk with a sales clerk to get their opinion on what you should purchase for your hair. Many professionals use 30V or 40V because it processes the bleach faster. Refrain from doing this alone at home because it can cause more damage than lower volumes. Toners even out the color of bleached hair and neutralize unwanted tones and brassiness. Buy this if you’re going for more of a platinum look. Some toners make hair white, and some give a silvery effect. Add red gold corrector to the bleach powder to increase its effectiveness so you don't have to bleach twice. You can use “purple shampoo” to remove brassiness and yellow tones. Don’t use it often or it may stain your hair purple. Buy a tint brush, a bowl, and plastic wrap. Buy an extra package of bleach and developer so you have extra in case you run out midstream. Some people’s hair will absorb the bleach mixture more quickly than others, and having extra bleach mixture on hand will save you the trouble of running out. You don’t want to be halfway through your hair and find you don’t have any more bleach mixture.  No matter what bleaching method you use, it’s going to cause your hair to become drier and more fragile than normal. Starting with healthy hair prevents excessive damage from the bleaching process. Don't dye or otherwise process your hair for about a month before you plan to bleach it. Use gentle products, like shampoo and conditioner made from all natural ingredients, to make sure your hair is as healthy as possible before bleaching.  Use a deep conditioner a day or two before bleaching your hair to help build up moisture in your hair. There are many types of deep conditioners, from less expensive ($5-$8) to more expensive ($30+) store-bought ones to more natural, DIY ones. There are recipes to make your own deep conditioner, which typically use foods as their base. Search online for “deep conditioner recipes” for suggestions using bananas, avocados, mayonnaise, yogurt, eggs, coconut oil, or other foods.This step will help minimize ending up with extremely dry and brittle hair after you bleach it by increasing your hair’s moisture and elasticity. , This step seems time-consuming, especially when you want to get started on bleaching your hair. But it is an important step that will save you a serious skin rash (or worse) if you happen to be allergic to the bleach or any of the other ingredients. To do a patch allergy test, apply a dab of bleach solution on a patch of skin behind your ear. Leave the bleach on for 24-48 hours and check for any allergic reaction, such as a rash, itching or burning on that spot. If you do have an allergic reaction, however mild, you should try a different method for bleaching your hair.  Read the instructions that came with the bleach powder to find out exactly how much to use. Usually, you mix one part bleach with two parts toner, but the instructions will give you precise measurements. Mix these in an old bowl with an old spoon or spatula that you will not be putting back into your kitchen. The mixture will be blue or bluish-white.Add the red gold color corrector if you’re going for a more platinum look. Pay close attention to the instructions on the label to ensure your measurements and proportions are exact.  Peroxide can stain clothing and can be irritating to skin, so take care to cover yourself properly. Wear gloves and cover your clothes with an old towel. Apply a small amount of petroleum jelly along your hairline and neckline to protect your skin.   Never apply bleach without gloves; the chemicals can burn your skin.  Gather up a small hunk of hair from the nape of your neck. Spray the peroxide onto this strand, starting at the roots and working it towards the ends. Leave it in for about 20-30 minutes. Rinse out the peroxide and check the color against a white towel. This will enable you to check if you like the color before dousing your entire head in peroxide. It will also help you gauge how much time to leave in the peroxide., Divide your hair into a few sections and twist the sections up. Clip these sections into easily removable hair clips; it’s best to use hair clips you can put in and take out with only one hand, especially after you start the bleaching process. Don’t clip the first section you plan to bleach.  Make sure your hair is completely dry before you begin. Use the tint brush to apply the bleach. Keep the hair that has not been bleached separate from the hair that has been bleached, so you can keep track of where you’re at. Use clips or squares of foil to separate sections of your hair.   Depending on the style you’re going for, you can use use the tint brush to apply the bleach in different ways, including: roots to tips, tips to roots, etc. Don't rub the bleach into your head, since the chemicals can burn your scalp. To get salon quality highlights, separate out small sections of your hair that are less than an inch wide. Place foil squares under these sections to protect the rest of your hair from receiving any of the peroxide spray. Spray these sections and wrap them in the foil sheets to keep them from touching the rest of your hair while you let the peroxide sit in your hair. Highlighting your hair is probably easiest to do with a friend helping you. It can be a good idea to just apply bleach to the front section of your hair, allow it to process, and rinse, before doing the back section. Putting the bleach mixture over your whole head takes time, and you may not have enough time to finish the back section before the front section needs to be rinsed out., Cover your hair with plastic wrap. Let the bleach start working on your hair. The longer you leave it in, the lighter your hair will be. Keep checking a strand of hair every 10 minutes until you're satisfied with the color of your hair. Don't leave the bleach in your hair for more than 45 minutes total.   Several factors, including the volume of your developer and the darkness of your hair, influence how long it will take for the bleach to lift your hair color to the lightness you desire.  Rinse out all of the bleach with cool water. Then use the special shampoo for bleached hair. Dry your hair and check out the color. If you like the color, you can stop there. Style your hair normally.   Be aware of the different hues that a bleach job will give you, depending on your hair color. Dark brown hair will lighten to chestnut brown, but too much peroxide may result in an orange-brown color. Medium brown will turn to light brown; light brown will turn dark blond; red hair will turn orange, and with enough bleaching, will become strawberry blond; dark blond will turn light blond., Some people will need to tone their hair to achieve a nice white blond color, or to even out some of the color imperfections that their hair has after bleaching. This may not work for everyone, however, and can result in white-gray hair that you may not like.The stage for adding toner comes in after you have fully bleached your hair and you will not be trying to bleach your hair further. You should have also already washed and dried your hair so that you can assess the color that your hair has become.  Use an old mixing bowl and old spatula and put in the correct parts toner, developer and red gold corrector. Be sure to check the instructions on the box to get the correct proportions and measurements.  Dry your hair at least a little bit with a towel. Use a clean tinting brush to apply toner to your hair in sections, using clips or pieces of tin foil to separate sections that have toner on them from those that still need an application. Applying the toner is not as time-sensitive as the bleach application stage, so you can take your time a little more now.  This varies depending on the product you are using, but 30 minutes is about the norm. Wait until the toner turns a dark purple in your hair. Check your hair after about 15 minutes to see how it looks by wiping off some of the purple toner. Keep checking every 10 minutes until you have reached the color you want.  Rinse your hair under cool water until all traces of the toner are gone. Cool water is better than warm water since it stops the developing process, which will stop the chemicals from removing more color from your hair.  Purple shampoo is a type of toning shampoo that is used to help distribute purple pigment to counteract brassy hues in your hair. By adding a little bit of purple pigment to your hair, you neutralize some of the reds and yellows in bleached hair, bringing out some blue hues and making your hair a slightly cooler color. Rinse your hair in hot water briefly so that the hair shafts open and are ready to absorb more of the purple hue. Apply shampoo liberally to your hair, let it sit for up to 5 minutes, and then rinse with cool water. The cool water will seal up the hair shafts and help retain the purple tones in your hair.Make sure you rinse it out completely, however, because it will stain towels and it can potentially leave your hair a lavender color if you have white blond hair.   There are several different brands and prices for these, from Clairol Professional Shimmer Lights Shampoo for about $10 per bottle to Unite Blonda Toning Shampoo for about $30. Your best bet is to purchase this type of shampoo at a beauty supplies store. Talk to a sales clerk for advice on the best shampoo for your hair.  Your hair will be brittle and dry after this treatment and will need deep conditioning to restore some moisture and elasticity. Use a deep conditioner (store-bought or natural) at least once a week, leaving it in your hair for 20-30 minutes and then rinsing it out. Results can be improved by heating up your hair with a hair dryer while the deep conditioner is in place. If you have made your own deep conditioner with food, check to make sure it hasn’t gone bad. If it’s been mixed up for longer than a few days (or a week if kept in the refrigerator), throw it away and mix up a new batch.	Do your research to find the best products for you. Buy bleaching supplies from a beauty supplies store. Start with unprocessed hair. Pre-condition your hair with a deep conditioner. Test for allergic reactions. Mix up the bleach. Cover your skin and clothing. Do a strand test. Use hair clips to section your hair. Apply the bleach to your hair. Check the color of your hair every several minutes. Rinse out the bleach and wash your hair. Decide if you need to use toner. Mix up the toner. Apply toner to your hair. Leave the toner in your hair for about 30 minutes. Rinse out the toner. Wash your hair with the purple shampoo. Take care of your hair.
If you don't have it, you can go to the General Store and pay 480 G for it.  You can get it by fishing at the following places during Summer and Autumn:  The beach, seawall, and lighthouse in Harmonica Town The southeast shore of Clarinet District The northeast and south shores of Toucan Island  , Ensure that your rucksack is not full, or else you cannot grill the fish., Use your matches on a wood stack. Press the "A" button., Press the "A" button again and "Start" to make the dish.	Acquire matches. Get a bonito. Have the bonito in your rucksack. Start a bonfire. Choose the bonito that you need for the recipe.
; ,, When you catch a Pokémon, "marry" it to a Pokémon of a different gender. If you have 1, 3, or 5 Pokémon in your party, and the Pokémon you encounter is the same gender as a Pokémon that needs a partner, it means you won't be able to use it.  If the Pokémon dies, you must use its partner Pokémon - no switching to another Pokémon allowed. You can switch Pokémon, but only to the partner of the Pokémon you're using.  Pokémon can only go to the PC through catching one when you have 6 Pokémon in your party. If you want to withdraw a Pokémon from your PC, you can only do it if one of your Pokémon dies and its partner Pokémon needs a new partner.  For example, only heal through items or through Pokémon Centers; put the "Battle Style" setting on "Set" so that the opposing trainer sends out their next Pokémon before you're able to switch your Pokémon; or use a level limit, where your Pokémon can't have a level higher than the next Gym Leader/Champion's highest level Pokémon.	Start a new file on the Pokémon game you want to play. Choose your starter Pokémon, and get your Pokédex and Poké Balls.  , Catch Pokémon, following the normal Nuzlocke rules of one Pokémon per area. When battling, the Pokémon you use can only battle alongside its partner Pokémon. Don't deposit Pokémon into a PC. Add optional rules to make the game harder, if you want.
Almost any dremel or router bit will cut through wood. A table router can be set to cut to a constant depth for ease of use, and is recommended for signs and other simple wood engravings. Always wear eye protection when using a rotary tool.   Alternative tools:Handheld wood chisel or graver: Slow but makes angle adjustments easier. Good for experimenting.CNC Machine: A computer-controlled device for extremely complex designs.  There are many different bits, or burs, which you can attach to the end of your power tool to achieve different types of cuts. A few of the most common include bull nose bits for hollow surfaces; cylinder bits for flat surfaces; and the teardrop-shaped flame bits to give you fine control over the angle.   Additional bit shapes:Pear & Oval: for rounding edges and carving bumpsTaper: to reach crevices and make concave cutsBall: to hollow out an area or create U-shaped gouges , When engraving wood, the level of detail is only limited by the width of your carving tool, and the precision of your hands. If you aren't comfortable drawing freehand onto the wood, print a pattern on a thin polyester film such as Mylar, and tape it over the wood., Turn on the power tool and gently lower it into the wood. Move it slowly and steadily across the entire design. It takes surprisingly little depth to achieve a three-dimensional appearance, so try starting with a shallow groove, then going over it a second time if you're unsatisfied.  If you'd like to make the engraving stand out more, try painting the cut area. Paint the original, flat surface a different color to make it stand out. Paint, or a transparent wood finish, will also help protect your wood from wear and tear.	Select a rotary tool. Choose a carving bit. Draw or transfer a pattern onto the wood. Trace over the pattern with the tool. Paint the wood (optional).
