Tuwairqi Steel Mills Limited Karachi  The Tuwairqi Steel Mills Limited (TSML) is a vertically integrated multinational Steel mill headquartered in Karachi Sindh Province of Pakistan.An environmentally friendly and established by a private sector the steel mill is co-financed by the Al-Tuwairqi Holdings (Saudi Arabia) POSCO (South Korea) and Arif Habib STeel Mill (Pakistan) and currently aiming to compete against the Pakistan Steel Mills (PSM) at the Karachi Stock Exchange (KSE) indexes.	company
Schramsberg Vineyards  Schramsberg Vineyards is a winery located in Calistoga California in the Napa Valley region. The vineyard which was originally founded in 1862 produces a series of sparkling wines using the same method as champagne. Schramsberg is considered one of the premium brands in the production of sparkling wine in California and the first U.S.	company
U.S. Repeating Arms Company  The U.S. Repeating Arms Company. Inc. (USRAC) is the current business name of the Winchester Repeating Arms Company famous for making Winchester rifles.USRAC's predecessor company adopted the Winchester name in 1866 when Oliver Winchester reorganized the New Haven Arms Company and changed its name to the Winchester Repeating Arms Company. In 1931 Western Cartridge Company (later Olin Corporation) purchased Winchester Repeating Arms and combined with it to form Winchester-Western.	company
Abu Dhabi Film Commission  Abu Dhabi Film Commission (ADFC) is a government agency formed to support the development of Abu Dhabi's film and TV industry. Its mission is to promote the Emirate of Abu Dhabi as a production destination to generate economic benefits for the region and increased job opportunity for its residences.	company
Jah Warrior  Jah Warrior is a United Kingdom roots reggae/dub production team record label sound system and musical group centred around Steve Mosco.	company
JVC  Victor Company of Japan Ltd (日本ビクター株式会社 Nippon Bikutā Kabushiki-gaisha) TYO: 6792 usually referred to as JVC is a Japanese international consumer and professional electronics corporation based in Yokohama Japan. Founded in 1927 the company is best known for introducing Japan's first televisions and for developing the Video Home System (VHS) video recorder. In 2008 JVC merged with Kenwood Corporation to create JVC Kenwood Holdings.	company
TrainOSE  TrainOSE S.A. (Greek: ΤραινΟΣΕ Α.Ε. pronounced trenosé) is a railway company in Greece which currently operates all passenger and freight trains on OSE lines. The company formerly a subsidiary of the Hellenic Railways Organisation (OSE) has been from 2008 an independent state-owned company. TrainOSE employs all train crews operators and manages the rail services throughout the Greek railway network but does not own any rolling stock leasing rolling stock owned by OSE instead.	company
Venan Entertainment  Venan Entertainment Inc. is a mobile and handheld game development studio based in Middletown Connecticut. Founded in 2002 Venan began primarily as a Java/Brew-based mobile phone game developer but has since branched off to develop games for Nintendo DS iPod and iPhone OS. Venan's most recent titles include their fifth fully independent self-published title Book of Heroes and the TouchArcade and EGM Game of the Year Space Miner: Space Ore Bust. Both are available for the iOS devices.	company
Haus Publishing  Haus Publishing is a London-based publishing company which was formally established in 2002.	company
Bukowskis  Bukowskis is a Scandinavian fine art and antique auction house established in 1870 by the Polish nobleman Henryk Bukowski in Stockholm Sweden. In 1979 an office was opened in Helsinki Finland.	company
TM4 Electrodynamic Systems  TM4 Electrodynamic Systems is a subsidiary of government-owned public utility Hydro-Québec established in 1998 active in the development of electric car motors and related power systems.	company
Wing Zone  Wing Zone is an Atlanta-based American restaurant chain that specializes in deep-fried food products; especially buffalo wings. There are roughly 100 Wing Zone locations in 25 American states usually in urban areas. Wing Zone has been featured on The Food Network's Roker on the Road Entrepreneur Magazine and others. Wing Zone has also won many awards such as National Festival Favorite at the 2004 National Buffalo Wing Festival. Wing Zone offers both take-out and delivery.	company
Fresh to Order  Fresh to Order (f2o) is an Atlanta Fine fast casual dining franchise restaurant.	company
Travis Perkins  Travis Perkins plc (LSE: TPK) is a British builders' merchant and home improvement retailer based in Northampton and is a supplier of building materials. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.	company
1HDTV  ZАО 1HDTV is a Russian TV company specialized in creating channels for satellite and cable transmission. The company was founded in 2007 in St. Petersburg. General Director is Nikolai Orlov.There are over 770000 subscribers of 1HDTV channels in the Moscow and the Moscow Region and more than 210000 viewers in St. Petersburg and the Leningrad Region. All over Russia 1HDTV has more than 6200000 subscribers.	company
Coast & Country Housing Limited  Coast and Country is a Registered Housing Provider located in the north of England and established in 2001. It took over the ownership and management of homes from Redcar and Cleveland Borough Council in July 2002. Its rental housing stock stood at 10309 properties in April 2008.The company is a 'not for profit' company limited by guarantee and regulated by the Tenant Services Authority.As of 2010 the Chief Executive is Iain Sim.	company
Busan Marine Natural History Museum  The Busan Marine Natural History Museum is a museum displaying exhibits on marine natural history of Busan and located in Dongnae-gu Busan. It was founded in 1994. The purpose of the foundation is to preserve to study and to exhibit geological and biological records about the local environment.	building
Holy Trinity Church Everton  Holy Trinity Church Everton is a Grade II* listed parish church in the Church of England in Everton Nottinghamshire.	building
Art Gallery of Windsor  The Art Gallery of Windsor is a not-for-profit art institute in Windsor Ontario Canada.Established in 1943 the gallery has a mandate as a public art space to show significant works of art by local regional and national artists. The Art Gallery of Windsor has created collected presented and conserved one of Ontario’s most significant collections of Canadian art and is one of Windsor’s most notable cultural reserves.	building
Museum of Grenoble  The Museum of Grenoble (French: Musée de Grenoble) is a municipal museum of Fine Arts and antiquities in the city of Grenoble in the Isère region of France.Located on the left bank of the Isère River place Lavalette it is known both for its collections of ancient art for its collections of modern and contemporary art.	building
Sacred Heart of Jesus Parish Danbury  Sacred Heart of Jesus Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Danbury Connecticut United States. Founded in 1925. It is one of the Polish-American Roman Catholic parishes in New England in the Diocese of Bridgeport.	building
The Prehistoric Man Museum  The Prehistoric Man Museum is a museum of prehistory in Kibbutz Ma'ayan Baruch Israel.	building
Watchman Lookout Station  The Watchman Lookout Station No. 168 is one of two fire lookout towers in Crater Lake National Park in southern Oregon. For many years National Park Service personnel used the lookout to watch for wildfires during the summer months. It is also a popular hiking destination because it offers an excellent view of Crater Lake and the surrounding area. The building is unusual because it serves the dual purpose of fire lookout and museum.	building
Falak-ol-Aflak Castle  Falak-ol-Aflak Castle (in Persian: دژ شاپورخواست‎ Dež-e Shāpūr-Khwāst in ancient times known as Dežbār as well as Shāpūr-Khwāst) is a castle situated on the top of a large hill with the same name within the city of Khorramabad the regional capital of Lorestan province Iran.	building
Rutherford County Courthouse (Tennessee)  The Rutherford County Courthouse in Murfreesboro Tennessee is a Classical Revival building from 1859. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. It is one of six remaining Tennessee courthouses dating to before the Civil War.	building
St Salvator's Chapel  St Salvator's Chapel is one of two collegiate chapels belonging to the University of St Andrews the other being St Leonard's Chapel. It was founded in 1450 by Bishop James Kennedy built in the Late Gothic architectural style and refurbished in the 1680s 1860s and throughout the 20th century.	building
Franklin County G. A. R. Soldiers' Memorial Hall (Iowa)  The Franklin County G. A. R. Soldiers' Memorial Hall also known as J.W. McKenzie Post No. 81 Grand Army of the Republic (GAR) is an historic building located at 3 Federal Street North in Hampton Iowa in the United States. The octagonal-style Grand Army of the Republic Memorial Hall was designed and built in 1890 by Edward Carl Keifer and was the meeting place of the J.W. McKenzie Post No. 81 which was one of 519 GAR posts in Iowa.	building
Armenian Church of St. John the Baptist  Armenian Church of St. John the Baptist is loc ated in Chinsura India. The church was built in 1695-1697 and is dedicated to St. John the Baptist.	building
Caddo Lake Drawbridge  The Historic Caddo Lake Drawbridge at Mooringsport Louisiana is a vertical-lift bridge that is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. It was built in 1914 to replace a ferry by the Midland Bridge Company of Kansas City Missouri under authority of the Caddo Parish Police Jury. The lift span has been inoperable since the 1940s.This vehicular bridge illustrates the Vertical-Lift design of John Alexander Low Waddell of the firm of Waddell & Harrington.	building
Stadttheater Düren  Stadttheater Düren was a theatre in Düren North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.The house was built from 1905 to 1907 to a design by Carl Moritz the architect of the opera house in Cologne on what is now the Hoeschplatz. A Düren businessman Eberhard Hoesch had donated 500000 Marks for a new theatre; until then performances had been held at inns. After only 14 months of construction the theatre opened on 17 January 1907. The house in Jugendstil style seated 700 people.	building
First Broiler House  The First Broiler House also known as Mrs. Wilmer Steele's Broiler House is preserved at the University of Delaware Agricultural Experiment Station near Georgetown Delaware as an example of a chicken house that was widely used to raise broiler chickens in Delaware during the 1920s. An example of an individual-colony house the 16-foot (4.9 m) square wood frame building housed 500 chickens.	building
First National Bank (Mayville North Dakota)  The First National Bank in Mayville North Dakota was built in 1889. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 19.It is argued to be significant because it was the first bank to be built in Mayville North Dakota. It exhibits significantdistinctive architectural style and is a landmark building in the commercial district. The bank represents an early banking endeavor inMayville and is associated with several prominent Mayville entrepreneurs.	building
Exoncotis resona  Exoncotis resona is a moth of the Acrolophidae family. It is found in Colombia.	animal
Astor markhor  The Astor Markhor or Flare-horned Markhor (Capra falconeri falconeri) is a subspecies of the endangered markhor native to Kashmir and northern Pakistan. To the west it reaches the easternmost parts of Afghanistan. The range of the Astor Markhor is very scattered. The largest population of only about 200 animals is found in Chitral National Park in northern Pakistan.	animal
Psaltoda plaga  Psaltoda plaga is a species of cicada native to eastern Australia from Maryborough in central Queensland to to Bega in southern New South Wales. Adult cicadas appear over the summer and inhabit forested areas near bodies of water. The predominantly black form from the Sydney and Central Coast regions is commonly known as the black prince while the term silver knight is used for the species as a whole.	animal
Anthela  Anthela is a genus of moths of the Anthelidae family.	animal
Hoplitosuchus  Hoplitosuchus is an extinct genus of aetosaur. Fossils have been found from the Santa Maria Formation in Rio Grande do Sul Brazil that date back to the Late Triassic. At first the genus was named Hoplitosaurus but this name had previously been assigned to a polacanthine ankylosaurian dinosaur in 1902 thirty six years before it had been referred to the aetosaur. Thus Hoplitosuchus was constructed as a replacement name for Hoplitosaurus.	animal
Eois dryantis  Eois dryantis is a moth in the Geometridae family. It is found in Costa Rica.	animal
Olivella fortunei  Olivella fortunei is a species of small sea snail marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olivellidae the dwarf olives.	animal
Senegal jack  The Senegal jack Caranx senegallus (also known as the African jack) is a species of large marine fish classified in the jack family Carangidae. The species is distributed through the tropical waters of the eastern Atlantic Ocean ranging along the west African coast from Angola in the south to Mauritania in the north. It can be distinguished from co-occurring relatives by its longer dorsal fin lobe as well as a host of other anatomical features.	animal
Megalographa monoxyla  Megalographa monoxyla is a moth of the Noctuidae family. It is found only in Peru and Bolivia and has a narrow distribution in the Andes.	animal
Brachodes gressitti  Brachodes gressitti is a moth of the Brachodidae family that is endemic to Chinese province of Hainan.	animal
Anepholcia talboti  Anepholcia talboti is a moth in the Noctuidae family. It is found on Sumatra.	animal
Mitra holkosa  Mitra holkosa is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mitridae the miters or miter snails.	animal
Duplicaria kieneri  Duplicaria kieneri is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.	animal
Eulimidae  Eulimidae is a family of very small parasitic sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Eulimoidea.These small parasitic snails live on (or in some cases in) the bodies of echinoderms such as sea cucumbers sea urchins sea stars etc. The snails have a proboscis which they extend into their host's body cavity in order to feed.	animal
Diodora parviforata  Diodora parviforata common name the conical keyhole limpet is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Fissurellidae the keyhole limpets.	animal
Terebra gaiae  Terebra gaiae is a species of sea snail a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Terebridae the auger snails.	animal
Barnens svenska sångbok  Barnens svenska sångbok (Children's Swedish Song book) is a 1999 Swedish song book by Anders Palm and Johan Stenström. It follows the 1997 song book Den svenska sångboken and is followed by the 2009 song book Evert Taube – Sångboken.The books include songs for children from the 17th and 18th Centuries as well as more contemporary works and the songs are meant to be sung at home at kindergarten and/or at school.	writtenwork
A Dying Light in Corduba  A Dying Light in Corduba is a crime novel by Lindsey Davis.	writtenwork
2430 A.D.  2430 A.D. is a science fiction short story by Isaac Asimov. It first appeared in the October 1970 issue of Think the IBM house magazine and was reprinted in Asimov's 1975 collection Buy Jupiter and Other Stories.Early in 1970 the author was commissioned by Think to write a story based on a quotation by writer and social commentator J. B.	writtenwork
The White Plague  The White Plague (1982) is a science fiction novel by Frank Herbert.	writtenwork
Superiority (short story)  Superiority is a science fiction short story by Arthur C. Clarke first published in 1951. It depicts an arms race and shows how the side which is more technologically advanced can be defeated despite its apparent superiority because of its own organizational flaws and its willingness to discard old technology without having fully perfected the new. Meanwhile the enemy steadily built up a far larger arsenal of weapons that while more primitive were also more reliable.	writtenwork
Transgender History  Transgender History is a non-fiction book by gender theorist Susan Stryker discussing the history of the transgender movement in the United States and to a smaller extent in Europe. It was published in 2008 by Seal Press.	writtenwork
Sızıntı  Sızıntı is a monthly Islamic magazine published since 1979 in Turkey. Its English-language version is known as Fountain. The magazine was started by and is operated by members of the Gülen movement made up of the followers of the Turkish preacher and Islamic opinion leader Fethullah Gülen and claims to bring together Islam and science by stressing the parallels between modern scientific discoveries and literal verses from the Quran.	writtenwork
Chicagoland Golf  Chicagoland Golf is an independent regional golf newspaper serving the public golfers in Northern Illinois Southeast Wisconsin and Northeast Indiana since 1989 when it was founded by the journalist Phil Kosin]who died in 2009.Chicagoland Golf is published in the United States 7 times per year by Chicagoland Golf Media Inc. and covers recreational/amateur golf from Juniors High School College and Professional local golf.	writtenwork
Home Is the Sailor (Amado novel)  Home Is the Sailor (Portuguese: Os velhos marinheiros ou o capitão de longo curso) is a Brazilian modernist novel. It was written by Jorge Amado in 1961 and translated into English by Harriet de Onís in 1964.	writtenwork
People of the Deer  People of the Deer (published in 1952 revised in 1975) is Canadian author Farley Mowat's first book and brought him literary recognition. The novel is based upon a series of travels the author undertook in the Canadian barren lands of Keewatin Region west of Hudson Bay. The most important of these expeditions was in the winter of '47-'48.	writtenwork
Stiff: The Curious Lives of Human Cadavers  Stiff: The Curious Lives of Human Cadavers is a 2003 non-fiction work by Mary Roach. Published by W. W. Norton & Company it details the unique scientific contributions of the deceased.In the book Roach gives firsthand accounts of cadavers a history of the use of cadavers and an exploration of the surrounding ethical/moral issues.	writtenwork
100 Books by August Derleth  100 Books by August Derleth is a bibliography of books by American author August Derleth. It was released in 1962 by Arkham House in an edition of 1225 copies. Approximately 200 copies were bound in pictorial boards for libraries (the edition in boards was issued without dustwrapper). The book includes two plates one a frontispiece of Derleth in his office the other of Derleth with his children Walden William and April Rose.	writtenwork
The Covenant (novel)  The Covenant is a historical novel by American author James A. Michener published in 1980.	writtenwork
Froudacity  Froudacity: West Indian Fables by James Anthony Froude is an 1889 polemic written by John Jacob Thomas as a rebuttal to James Anthony Froude's 1888 book The English in the West Indies. Froude's travelogue attacked the British West Indian colonies for wanting to establish self-government arguing that if the majority black population were allowed to vote on leaders they would choose leaders that would repress the white population.	writtenwork
Doctor Dolittle's Return  Published in 1933 Doctor Dolittle's Return was the first Doctor Dolittle book in five years. Doctor Dolittle in the Moon was supposed to be the last book but as with Conan Doyle and Sherlock Holmes the author relented. The tone is lighter and more comic and is surprisingly short the shortest book since the first one.	writtenwork
People of Paradox  People of Paradox: An Inquiry Concerning the Origins of American Civilization is a 1972 book by American cultural historian Michael Kammen published by Knopf. It explores various contradictions in American society such as puritanism vs. hedonism and idealism vs. materialism. People of Paradox was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for History in 1973.	writtenwork
