question: They can then log in to access workout videos demonstrated by @placeholder and nutritional advice including meal plans. context: By Lucy Waterlow PUBLISHED: 05:48 EST, 17 September 2013 | UPDATED: 06:23 EST, 17 September 2013 With her washboard stomach and pert bottom, it's not surprising Louise Hazel is often asked how she gets her enviable figure. Now the Commonwealth champion, who recently announced her retirement from international heptathlon, is letting people in on the secrets of her toned body. She's become a personal trainer and has devised a new workout and nutritional plan, called the Podium Effect, that's designed to help people lose weight and shape up. The plan is based upon the Olympian's own training methods but is aimed at beginners. @highlight Commonwealth gold medallist is often asked how she gets enviable figure @highlight Now she's revealing all with fitness and diet plan, the Podium Effect @highlight Recently announced retirement from international heptathlon @highlight Said lack of financial support made it hard to carry on as full-time athlete @highlight She'll keep on running and is planning 10k for British Heart Foundation	Louise Hazel
question: Many Chinese expect @placeholder to break the old mold. context: Beijing (CNN) -- China's new First Lady is poised to impress--and burnish China's image overseas. Peng Liyuan, wife of China's new president Xi Jinping, made her debut as China's First Lady this week accompanying Xi in his first overseas trip as China's new state president. Wearing a belted overcoat, accented by a stand-up collar and a light-blue scarf, she stood next to Xi when they arrived in Moscow, the first stop of Xi's three-nation trip. Smiling radiantly, she shook hands with the Russian hosts, a step or two behind her husband. "We've always looked forward to having an elegant First Lady that's presentable to the outside world," a Chinese official told me. "Now we have one." @highlight Peng Liyuan, wife of China's new president Xi Jinping, made her debut as China's First Lady @highlight She is a popular soprano, widely known in China for her soaring, glass-breaking voice @highlight Chinese analysts think Peng can similarly help burnish China's image overseas @highlight "Our only concern is, she might unintentionally upstage our No. 1 leader"	Peng
question: Mr @placeholder stated that the Treasurer had the government's 'full support' and that he wouldn't 'cop any criticism of Joe Hockey on these remarks'. context: By Daniel Piotrowski For Daily Mail Australia and Aap Now even Joe Hockey admits he blew it. The Treasurer this afternoon publicly apologised for suggesting the 'poorest people don't have cars or actually don't drive very far'. 'I am really genuinely very sorry that there is any suggestion, any suggestion at all, that I or that government does not care for the disadvantaged in the community,' he said in a sympathetic interview with 2GB afternoon host Ben Fordham. He decided to say sorry after a woman approached him in the street following a community event to tell him to 'show us what's in your heart'. @highlight Joe Hockey publicly apologises for his controversial comments @highlight Chris Pyne was asked six times whether he supported Joe Hockey's comments in an interview but refused to answer @highlight Mr Hockey caused uproar when he said poor people don't need cars @highlight His comments came as the government looks to reintroduce a twice-yearly indexation increases on petrol @highlight Welfare groups have hit back at him saying he is out of touch with people	Chris Pyne
question: "But important to note the crew did maintain contact with controllers, and the decision to divert to @placeholder was the captain's." context: (CNN) -- Don't underestimate the power of a spilled cup of coffee. A United Airlines flight from Chicago to Frankfurt, Germany, was diverted to Toronto this week after the pilot dumped a cup of coffee on the plane's communication's equipment. The unwanted liquid triggered a series of emergency codes, including one for a hijacking, according to Transport Canada, the agency that regulates transportation in Canada. "With the help of their company dispatch staff, the flight crew was confirmed the problem to be a NAV(navigation)/communication issue and not a valid code 7500 (for a hijacking or unlawful interference)," Transport Canada said on its website. @highlight The coffee triggered emergency codes, including one for a hijacking @highlight The flight was en route from Chicago to Frankfurt, Germany @highlight The passengers caught a flight to Germany a day later	Toronto
question: Despite her enduring success, @placeholder is modest and doesn't believe that she has all the qualities of a leading lady. context: By Bianca London As the inimitable Duckface in Four Weddings And A ­Funeral, she was memorably dumped at the altar by Hugh Grant. 'When I die my obituary will probably be "Duckface dies",' admits the actress in a short film she's made with M&S in which she models one of its latest collections. However, her new role in season five of Downton Abbey might soon shake up the public's perception. We shall have to wait until September to find out if Lady Anstruther captures our imaginations in the same way as her breakthrough role in Four Weddings. Clearly keen to tap into her very British appeal, M&S has snapped the actress in the quintessential seaside town, Hastings, for its Style & Living section. @highlight Anna, 49, models for M&S on British beach @highlight Priced between £6.99 and £85 @highlight Describes style as 'scruffy' and speaks of bond with daughter and husband @highlight Shot to fame alongside Hugh Grant in Four Weddings @highlight Set to star as Lady Anstruther in Downton Abbey this autumn	Anna
question: Such is the passion for sport in this region that 5,000 hardy souls turned up four days out from the start of @placeholder, just to watch a clutch of players practice. context: (CNN) -- Few places on earth do pride better than Merseyside; pride in the region, pride in its people, and pride in its sport. So when The British Open comes to town it feels like everyone is here to celebrate. After record crowds made the pilgrimage to this corner of the Wirral Peninsula in 2006 to watch Hoylake's first major for 39 years, it was stamped as "The People's Open." It's a tag that has stuck. "You don't want to be lofty here because people will knock you off your perch," Royal Liverpool's 2006 captain Andy Cross told CNN of Merseyside. @highlight The last time The Open Championship came to Hoylake it was dubbed 'The People's Open" @highlight A relaxed vibe at the course differentiates it from other venues @highlight Open organizers the R&A estimate attendances for 2014 will reach 200,000	The British Open
question: "@placeholder is proud to be providing Prince Ali with strategic campaign and media relations support," said the statement. context: (CNN)Could you imagine a presidential election where two hopeful candidates had their campaigns run by the same communications firm? Welcome to the world of football where two men hoping to become the leader of FIFA, football's world governing body, are using the same campaign company despite ostensibly being in opposition. Luis Figo, the former Barcelona and Real Madrid midfielder and Jordan's Prince Ali Bin-Al Hussein have engaged London-based Vero Communications to help land them the top job. A public relations company with great experience in sport, Vero also has a wider communications brief working with UEFA, the European confederation within FIFA. @highlight Prince Ali bin Al-Hussein and Luis Figo both candidates in FIFA presidential election @highlight Pair are having their campaigns run by same London communications firm Vero @highlight Dutchman Michael van Praag also in contest along with incumbent Sepp Blatter @highlight FIFA presidential election takes place on May 29 in Switzerland	Vero
question: ‘I knew the goals would come,’ said Bony, who celebrated his strikes against @placeholder with a T-shirt tribute to two friends who died recently. context: For a man with so much going on in his head, Wilfried Bony has done a fair job of relocating his feet. It’s barely been three weeks since the Ivorian with 25 goals to his name last season was facing questions of his failure to score even one in this campaign. Sigurdsson has had a hand in eight goals (seven assists, one goal) in nine PL games for Swansea this season. Those have been sufficiently addressed, with four strikes in three games, including the two on Saturday that saw off Leicester and made his position in forthcoming contract talks a touch stronger. @highlight Swansea's Wilfried Bony has scored four goals in three games @highlight Bony could extend his stay at Swansea beyond the summer of 2017 @highlight The Ivorian scored 25 goals last campaign for the Welsh club	Leicester
question: Five years later, the @placeholder really only existed on paper, a group of conservative libertarians complained. context: (CNN) -- A watchdog group meant to guard Americans' right to privacy against overreach by government cyberintelligence has been around for years. If that makes you feel safer, consider this: It had no leader until May, and lawmakers delayed for years to fully staff it. President Barack Obama met with the group for the first time Friday over the phone and e-mail record-gathering scandal involving the National Security Agency. The president wants to enlist the group to "structure a national conversation" on government cyberintelligence and civil rights. Who are the watchdogs? The group is called the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board (PCLOB), and though it was created in 2004, it does not appear to have been very active. @highlight NEW: Obama meets with watchdog group @highlight The group is meant to protect civil liberties against government cybersecurity overreach @highlight PCLOB was founded in 2004 but critics complain it never really existed	PCLOB
question: @placeholder allegedly said she 'kind of got sucked into his world' and 'why not give him a child as far as giving him some kind of hope. context: By Daily Mail Reporter PUBLISHED: 16:03 EST, 5 February 2013 | UPDATED: 10:48 EST, 6 February 2013 A federal prison guard allegedly had an affair with an inmate convicted in one of New York's most notorious police killings and became pregnant with his child in an attempt to save him from the death penalty. Nancy Gonzalez, 29, was arrested Tuesday on charges she intentionally had sex with Ronell Wilson while working the night shift at the Metropolitan Detention Center, which is against the law. She became pregnant in June, a few months into the affair, according to court papers. @highlight Ronell Wilson convicted in 2007 of shooting dead detectives James Nemorin and Rodney Andrews in 2003 @highlight First federal defendant to receive death sentence in New York since 1954 before it was tossed on appeal @highlight Prison guard Nancy Gonzalez, 29, accused of having affair with Wilson last year @highlight Gonzalez is eight months pregnant with Wilson's baby and has another boyfriend in state prison	Gonzalez
question: Since then, the @placeholder issue has been the leading cause of conflict and two of three wars between the two countries. context: (CNN) -- Rescue crews continued their frantic search Sunday at a Himalayan military outpost near the Indian border where a massive avalanche buried up to 139 people, most of them Pakistani soldiers. A blanket of rock and snow covering one square kilometer -- about the size of a large city block -- slid over the base on the Siachen glacier early Saturday morning, entombing it under 70 feet of snow. The Siachen Glacier, known as the world's highest battleground, is 6,300 meters (20,670 feet) high and spans 77 kilometers (47 miles) across the Line of Control that separates India- and Pakistan-controlled Kashmir. @highlight NEW: 139 soldiers and civilians are believed to be trapped after an avalanche @highlight NEW: A top Pakistani general vows to use all possible resources in the search @highlight An avalanche the size of a large city block dumped up to 70 feet of snow @highlight The glacier has been a point of conflict between India and Pakistan	Kashmir
question: @placeholder had been living with his father for about five years, and was unemployed other than working as "kind of a ranch hand" for his father, she said. context: Denver, Colorado (CNN) -- During emergency drills at Deer Creek Middle School, teacher David Benke used to tell his students that if anything ever happened, he wanted to be able to "do something about it." When he saw a man shooting at students as they were leaving the Littleton, Colorado, school on Tuesday, "What was going through my mind," Benke said, "was that I promised." Benke tackled the gunman, who had shot and wounded two students, and with the help of another teacher and some bus drivers, was able to hold him until police arrived. "I noticed that he was working a bolt-action rifle," he said. "I noticed that and realized that I had time to get him before he could chamber another round." @highlight Teacher says he promised students he'd protect them if something happened @highlight David Benke tackled gunman, but says he wishes he'd done it earlier @highlight Suspect Bruco Strongeagle Eastwood, 32, held on $1 million bail @highlight Shooting takes place two miles from Columbine High School, scene of 1999 rampage	Bruco Strongeagle Eastwood
question: Although the government says the @placeholder's military force has been severely compromised in recent months, authorities still accuse it of trafficking huge quantities of cocaine to finance its insurgency. context: (CNN)  -- Colombian military forces killed 18 leftist guerrillas Friday in two operations, the National Defense Ministry said. Another 13 members of the Colombian Revolutionary Armed Forces (FARC) were captured and two more were "demobilized" in the attacks by the air force and special forces troops, which took place in a rural area of Vista Hermosa in the central department, or administrative district, of Meta. There, air force jets bombarded encampments capable of housing 200 people and belonging to Gang 43 of FARC, the ministry said in a posting on its Web site. After the bombing, special forces troops surrounded the camp and began fighting with the FARC forces. They found 25 rifles, explosives and "information of interest to military intelligence," the posting said. @highlight Colombian military: 18 leftist guerrillas killed in two operations @highlight Air force and special forces attacked FARC in Meta department, military says @highlight Military: 1¾ tons of cocaine seized Wednesday in Cordoba department @highlight More than 200 tons of cocaine worth $5 billion seized in 2009, military reports	FARC
question: The U.S. departure may have ended the war for Americans, but for @placeholder, the violence, the bombs, the shootings and the torrents of blood barely skipped a beat. context: Baghdad, Iraq (CNN) -- Even in the darkest, deadliest days of Iraq's war, you'd find people still hopeful it would all work out. That the killings would stop, the bad guys would be routed and a stability of some sort would return. That the Americans would leave with their Humvees and their private security companies and the country would -- perhaps -- get on with the freedom the U.S. promised upon Saddam Hussein's removal. Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki promised as much, and pledged an inclusive system for all. Power-sharing politics and making all Iraqis -- Sunni, Shia, Christian -- feel they shared national values. Now, there a plenty of Iraqis who believe he had his fingers crossed when he said such things. @highlight CNN's Michael Holmes returns to Iraq for first time in 2 years @highlight Holmes: Mood in Baghdad is one of dread over where next bomb will go off @highlight Public services are spotty and deadly bombings are daily occurrence across country @highlight Former Prime Minister tells CNN Iraq seems stuck on path to sectarian war	Iraqis
question: But the most serious claims surround her short-history in @placeholder, where she was crowned the state's champion in January. context: By Ashley Collman The newly-crowned Miss USA is facing claims she cheated her way to the top by faking a residency in Nevada, just to get ahead of the competition in her native state of California. Former Disneyland princess Nia Sanchez, 24, won the competition on Sunday but sources say she doesn't even live in Nevada, the state she represented in the pagaent. Sanchez isn't even a week into her reign and she's already juggling issues. In addition to the residency claims, Sanchez is still receiving flack for saying in the competition that women should learn self-defense in response to the rise of sexual assault on university campuses. @highlight Sources say Sanchez set up a phoney residency in Nevada where the state competition was smaller @highlight They say she continued to live and work in California where she competed in 2010, 2011 and 2012 @highlight Sanchez shot down the claims and said she has been living and working as a model in Las Vegas for the past 18 months @highlight Claims come as Sanchez continues to get criticized for her comments in the competition @highlight Said the rise of sexual assault on campus could be helped if women learned self-defense @highlight Comments were controversial since it puts responsibility on women - and not men -  for preventing sexual violence	Nevada
question: He said: ‘It will be important for @placeholder to have a global communications network as well' context: He already has plans to bring the internet to remote parts of the world, and now SpaceX founder Elon Musk has set his sights on bringing it to space too. The entrepreneur says he wants to build a second internet in space, which could one day be used to enable any people living in colonies on Mars to get online. There is currently no name for the ambitious space venture, but it could speed up internet services on Earth too. Elon Musk, (pictured) says he wants to build a second internet in space, which could one day be used to enable people living on Mars to get online @highlight Plan builds on SpaceX founder's aim to connect remote parts of the world @highlight Entrepreneur said a space internet could one day be used to enable any people living on Mars to get online - although this is in the far future @highlight There's no name for the project, based at SpaceX's Seattle office	Mars
question: Both sides dug in and there were two government shutdowns -- but the shutdowns backfired on Gingrich, and @placeholder came out the political losers. context: Washington (CNN) -- Newt Gingrich left the Republican presidential campaign with a mixed legacy and a campaign deep in debt. The former speaker was left for political dead last year after his top campaign advisers quit over a disagreement on the direction of the campaign and its financial structure. But he came roaring back in late 2011 -- due in part to a Republican electorate that was not sold on Mitt Romney's candidacy. It is the past few months, though, for which he may be most remembered -- for staying in the race for too long, rather than for the big ideas he espoused on the campaign trail. @highlight Former House speaker announces he's suspending campaign @highlight Gingrich leaves campaign trail $4.3 million in debt @highlight Analysts say 2012 campaign will have mixed effects on his political legacy @highlight Gingrich's campaign peaked with early win in South Carolina	Republican
question: @placeholder was hit with a barrage of bullets, one severing his spinal cord. context: Ray Duggan will be the first to tell you just how tough he was. Raised to never run from a fight, Duggan started running with a gang at 14. With his father in prison and absent from his life, the gang was everything to Duggan. "It gave me a sense of being," said Duggan, now 31. Running with the Young Bloods in the West End neighborhood of Providence, Rhode Island, Duggan says he felt the need to prove himself. "I had to make myself meaner and tougher," he said. He got his first gun at 16 and admits "shooting people and running away from the police" were his adrenaline. @highlight Former gang members Ray Duggan and Joel Irizarry were paralyzed after being shot @highlight Permanent disability and lifetime health care is their new reality. @highlight The cost of care is huge -- for the victims and society @highlight Duggan and Irizarry now work to help others make the right choices	Duggan
question: 'Athletes representing our nation overseas in the @placeholder shouldn’t have to worry about an extra tax bill waiting for them back home.' context: By David Martosko, U.s. Political Editor PUBLISHED: 12:47 EST, 7 February 2014 | UPDATED: 17:00 EST, 7 February 2014 The White House doesn't like it, and neither does a prominent Senate Republican, but Olympic athletes who win medals in Sochi will have to pay federal income taxes on their cash bonuses. The U.S. Olympic Committee awards $25,000 for each gold medal, $15,000 for silver and $10,000 for bronze. But top athletes who are in the top income tax bracket , 39.6 per cent, will have to fork over as much as $9,900 of a gold medal payout. @highlight The U.S. Olympic Committee awards $25,000 for a gold medal, $15,000 for silver and $10,000 for bronze @highlight The United States is one of the few countries that taxes money earned outside its borders, at rates as high as 39.6 per cent @highlight The Olympic medal tax also applies to the value of the base metal in each medal – and gold is currently trading at $1,260 per ounce @highlight Athletes who excel in Sochi will have to treat their prize money as though it were earned in the U.S., even though they'll be competing in Russia @highlight House Republicans have a bill that would exempt Olympic athletes from taxes on their medal bonuses, and the White House has expressed support	Olympic
question: A security agreement with the government of Iraq now requires an arrest warrant signed by an @placeholder judge to detain someone. context: Vilseck, Germany (CNN) -- The military released 77,000 of about 87,000 detainees locked up during the Iraq war because there was not enough evidence to hold them, CNN has learned. "In most cases, if we don't have anything, eventually they'll be released," said Brig. Gen. David Quantock, who oversees detainee operations in Iraq. Quantock said "many cases are driven purely on intelligence." "Intelligence does not win a fight in a courtroom. It doesn't win the fight in a courtroom in the United States. It doesn't win in Iraq." According to the U.S. military, 76,985 detainees have been released out of the 87,011 captured during the Iraq war. @highlight Four Iraqi detainees were killed by three decorated Army sergeants at a Baghdad canal @highlight Frustration over detainee policy may have led to 2007 slayings, CNN investigation found @highlight Nearly 77,000 detainees have been released out of the 87,000 captured in the Iraq war @highlight Watch Saturday, Sunday at 8 and 11 p.m. ET; read blog posts: Abbie Boudreau; Scott Zamost	Iraq
question: "And, most importantly, the people of @placeholder are now deeply suspicious of Russia. context: Washington (CNN) -- A March 16 referendum on whether the Crimea Peninsula should rejoin Russia has become the focus of the Ukraine crisis. Like nearly every aspect of the conflict, the vote planned by Crimea's regional parliament evokes widely differing interpretations of its legitimacy and importance. Here are some of the biggest questions about the issue, with a look at how key players are weighing in: 1) What is the Crimean referendum? Voters in the autonomous Ukrainian region of about 2 million people will choose between remaining part of the former Soviet territory or becoming part of neighboring Russia. @highlight Russia backs a Crimea-only vote about joining it or staying with Ukraine @highlight The United States and its European allies say such a referendum is illegal @highlight To Russia, the ousting of the elected Ukraine government was illegal @highlight At issue is whether constitutional authority exists in Ukraine	Ukraine
question: The Christmas tweets continued the Iranian outreach, this time joined by @placeholder , whose account included multiple tweets that implied Jesus might side with Iran against what he has in the past criticized as Western imperialism. context: Another sign of new rapprochement with Western culture, or a cynical public relations ploy? Iran's top leaders used Twitter to send Christmas greetings that praised Jesus, continuing a new era of social media outreach by a government previously known for Islamic extremism and political belligerence. "May Jesus Christ, Prophet of love & peace, bless us all on this day. Wishing Merry #Christmas to those celebrating, esp Iranian Christians," said a tweet from the official account of Iranian President Hassan Rouhani. In response to Rouhani, the Shiite Muslim country's hardline Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, tweeted back: "No doubt that Jesus #Christ has no less value among Muslims than [he has] among the pious Christians." @highlight Iranian leaders praise Jesus Christ as a prophet of God's grace @highlight Tweets from the top leaders are part of new rapprochement with the West @highlight The social media outreach comes as Iran seeks a nuclear deal to end sanctions @highlight International sanctions crippling Iran's economy are Iran's motivation	Ali Khamenei
question: Those areas include interpersonal relationships (Latinos tend to emphasize family; individuality is not as important), perceptions of time and space (they have longer time horizons and have a relaxed sense of privacy), and spirituality (religion and spirituality have a strong influence on @placeholder life and perception of the world). context: (CNN) -- Hispanics are described as the largest minority group in the United States, as a burgeoning force in the electorate and as an untapped frontier of the business market. Yet these descriptions belie the complexity of the 44 million people to whom they refer. Susana Clar, with daughters Vanessa (left) and Virna (center), says the labels "Hispanic" and "Latino" are limiting. Even the terms used to name them -- Hispanics, Hispanic-Americans, Latinos, Latino-Americans, the Spanish-surnamed -- too tightly package the people categorized by those definitions, some observers say. "We are mixed and we are many things," said Phillip Rodriguez, a documentary filmmaker. Many of his films, such as "Los Angeles Now" and "Brown is the New Green: George Lopez and the American Dream," explore the experience and identity of Latinos in the United States. @highlight There are more than 44 million people of Hispanic origin in the U.S. @highlight The community includes diverse national origins, generations, languages @highlight Some observers say enough similarities exist to project a communal identity	Latino
question: @placeholder stressed that the accident was not his partner's fault but had come from his own error. context: Former glamour model Peta Todd was left disappointed but unhurt after crashing on the first competitive day of the 2014 World Rally Championship season finale in Wales. Todd, married to Tour de France superstar Mark Cavendish, teamed up with Tony Jardine, the Sky Sports F1 pundit, to take part in the Wales Rally GB. However, after coming through the opening stages in treacherous conditions the Help for Heroes patron's Mitsubishi Evo IX collided with a log pile on the inside of a right corner, collapsing the front right wheel and effectively ending the Prospeed team's race. VIDEO Scroll down for A look at the very best of model and driver Peta Todd on Instagram @highlight Peta Todd and Tony Jardine were uninjured after crash at Wales Rally GB @highlight Former Page 3 model was allowed to take part in World Rally Championship finale after completing three trial rallies @highlight The 27-year-old is married to Tour de France legend Mark Cavendish @highlight The Prospeed team hope the car can be repaired to race on Saturday	Tony Jardine
question: The men dance in perfect harmony to the music while @placeholder drives the car, getting into the spirit of Valentine's Day with their feel-good video. context: Two miners have made a lot of people's Valentine's Day more bearable by posting a hilarious video online of  them singing and dancing to a famous Whitney Houston love song. While they can't believe the global attention they have received, 27-year-old Jamie Byers from Perth and 26-year-old Jason Allen from Cairns told Daily Mail Australia they made the video to give people who are away from their loved ones on Valentine's Day a bit of a laugh. The men, who both work on the same site in Pannawonica, Western Australia, which is 1,400km north of Perth, are astounded that their video, in which they lip-sync to Whitney Houston's 'I Wanna Dance With Somebody', has already been viewed over 470,000 times in the last 23 hours. @highlight Two miners have made a hilarious video lip-syncing to Whitney Houston @highlight Jamie Byers and Jason Allen work in Pannawonica, Western Australia @highlight They lip-sync to 'I Wanna Dance With Somebody' @highlight The video has been viewed over 470,000 times in 23 hours @highlight It comes after a US cop became a worldwide hit lip-syncing to Taylor Swift	Jason Allen
question: Analysts say one trend in coming months may be a stream of disillusioned foreigners trying to escape @placeholder territory. context: (CNN)It's been a tough month for the "Islamic State." Its fighters were finally driven out of the Syrian border town of Kobani after more than 100 days of fighting against Kurdish militia; Iraqi government forces pushed ISIS back in Diyala province; the city of Mosul -- still under ISIS control -- is beginning to look vulnerable. And airstrikes have taken a toll on the group's infrastructure and field commanders. Its ability to win the release of a jailed jihadist in Jordan or the ability of its followers in Libya to attack a Tripoli hotel may provide brief propaganda boons, but they don't affect the fundamentals on the ground. Nor will its attempts to export terror to Europe. @highlight ISIS fighters have been driven out of Kobani in Syria and pushed back in Iraq @highlight But the group still controls large areas of Iraq and Syria @highlight Experts say the fight against ISIS is likely to take several years	ISIS
question: His wife @placeholder, Harry’s wife Ginny, and their children all feature in the story. context: By Sam Webb Harry Potter fans have been offered a glimpse into the teenage wizard’s future after JK Rowling resurrected her hero for a new short story that reunites him with his old friends at a Hogwarts School reunion. The 1,500-word story, published on the writer’s Pottermore website, describes the now 34-year-old Harry as having 'threads of silver' in his black hair. Ron Weasley, played in the hit films by Rupert Grint, has aged less well with his ginger hair 'thinning slightly'. Scroll down for video Rupert Grint, Emma Watson and Daniel Radcliffe as Ron, Hermione and Harry in the final scene of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2, in which they appeared as adults sending their children off to school @highlight JK Rowling's story hints at Harry's future as a magic 'police officer' @highlight Hermione, Ron, Ginny and others appear in the 1,500 word tale @highlight It appeared on the author's Pottermore website @highlight She recently published second book under pseudonym Robert Galbraith	Hermione
question: "@placeholder said she found her calling, that she knew what she wanted to do for the rest of her life," her father said, pausing to catch his breath. context: (CNN) -- Len Gengel cries between sentences. "It's my daughter's birthday today," he says, choking back tears. "We should be celebrating," he says. "Instead, I'm talking to people all day long, making sure they continue on the search and rescue. That's my objective today: to keep that search and rescue going." Gengel's daughter, Britney, is one of four students from South Florida's Lynn University who are missing amid the rubble of Haiti's Hotel Montana. Two faculty members from the university also remain missing. Britney, a sophomore journalism major with jet black hair and a bright smile, turned 20 Thursday. She had traveled to Haiti with 12 Lynn University students on a humanitarian mission to feed the poor. Eight of the students were rescued last week. @highlight Today is Britney Gengel's 20th birthday; she remains missing in Haiti @highlight "Think of the worst day of your life and then times that by 1,000," father says @highlight Britney was among 12 college students in Haiti on humanitarian trip @highlight Her family was initially told Britney was rescued	Britney
question: Mrs Terry, who now has the all-clear from cancer, said: ‘My mum and I will be at @placeholder’s side when she gives birth while Dean will wait outside the delivery room. context: By Alison Smith Squire Ellie Fairfax and sister Siobhan whose baby she's carrying When Siobhan Terry was told she could not have any more children after battling cervical cancer, she was left heartbroken. Life-saving treatment meant the mother-of-one would be left infertile and unable to give her daughter Saoirse, two, a little brother or sister. But the 31-year-old and her husband Dean, 51, had not counted on the selfless actions of her sister, Ellie Fairfax. On hearing the terrifying news that her younger sibling would die if she did not have the treatment, Miss Fairfax did not hesitate to volunteer as a surrogate. @highlight Siobhan Terry, 31, was diagnosed with cervical cancer and told that treatment would leave her infertile @highlight The mother-of-one was desperate to give two-year-old daughter a sibling @highlight Her older sister Ellie Fairfax, 33, offered to be a surrogate @highlight The baby boy, due next month, will be Miss Fairfax's first child	Ellie Fairfax
question: There have been claims since then that France paid more than £17m for the hostage release, although Mr Hollande vehemently denied this, insisting that his country does not negotiate with @placeholder. context: By Peter Allen In Paris and Dan Bloom Two French journalists have been killed hours after being kidnapped by suspected Al-Qaeda rebels in Mali. French president Francois Hollande has condemned the killing of Ghislaine Dupont, 51, and Claude Verlon, 58, who were covering elections in the volatile African state. Four gunmen struck at 1pm today in the northern town of Kidal, where the pair were seen being beaten before they were driven away in a 4x4 pickup truck. Dead: The bodies of French journalists Ghislaine Dupont, left, and Claude Verlon, right, were found 'riddled with bullets' today eight miles from Kidal, Mali, hours after they were kidnapped by suspected Al-Qaeda gunmen @highlight Ghislaine Dupont and Claude Verlon were interviewing separatist leader @highlight Kidnapped by gunmen at 1pm today then found 'riddled with bullets' @highlight Days ago four Frenchmen held hostage for three years returned to Paris @highlight Kidnappings in the region have earned terrorists an estimated $89m @highlight French president Hollande condemns 'heinous act' of terrorism	Al-Qaeda
question: And the senate leader called @placeholder on Saturday afternoon to apologize for the remarks. context: Washington (CNN) -- The chairman of the Republican Party and a leading GOP senator called on Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to give up his post Sunday, following the publication of remarks he made about President Obama's race in 2008. A new book quotes Reid, D-Nevada, as saying privately in 2008 that Obama could be successful as a black candidate in part because of his "light-skinned" appearance and speaking patterns "with no Negro dialect, unless he wanted to have one." The remarks were "embarrassing and racially insensitive," said Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas, head of the GOP's Senate campaign arm, in a statement to CNN. @highlight NEW: Congressional Black Caucus rejects calls for Reid to step down @highlight Michael Steele calls for Reid to step down, accuses Dems of "double standard" @highlight GOP chair says Senate majority leader's language "harkens back to the 1950s and '60s" @highlight New book quotes Reid discussing "light-skinned" Obama's lack of "Negro dialect"	Obama
question: Take those out, and the Fridays they inevitably take off as well, and it won’t be 49 Commons’ days left for many Tories but 33 at best before @placeholder is dissolved at the end of March. context: Cross-party anger at Westminster’s ‘zombie Parliament’ was last night raging amid claims the Commons has virtually nothing to do before the General Election. MPs vented their fury at Coalition Ministers for insisting on a fixed, five-year parliament when they ran out of ideas ‘six months ago’. Labour said there was now so little legislation to discuss that Tory backbenchers were only expected to turn up at Westminster for barely a month between now and the Election on May 7. MPs have vented their fury at Coalition Ministers for insisting on a fixed, five-year parliament amid claims the Commons has virtually no legislation to discuss before the General Election. @highlight MPs vent their fury at Coalition for insisting on a fixed, five-year parliament @highlight Claims the Commons has nothing to do before the General Election @highlight 122 days until election, but MPs will only sit for 49, shadow minister says @highlight Coalition pushed through fixed parliament law after taking office in 2010	Parliament
