Cereal Killer on Brick Lane was damaged on Sunday night during a demonstration about the "gentrification of parts of east London". Boris Johnson tweeted: "Small businesses like Cereal Killer are the lifeblood of London's... economy." His office added he was "deeply concerned" about the "unacceptable" violent elements of the protest. Cafe owner Alan Keery told the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme he thought it was "incredibly unfair to target a small business for a larger problem". "They're talking about gentrification but they've tagged us as the poster boys for it, and we're not the real problem here," he added. A local estate agent also had its windows smashed. One man arrested on suspicion of causing criminal damage has since been released with no further action. A spokesman for the mayor of London said: "The mayor fully recognises the importance of Shoreditch's unique character and the role it plays in London's success. "He continues to work hard to strike a balance between residential and commercial properties and strong day and night-time economies." Labour's mayoral candidate, Sadiq Khan, said: "There is no excuse for mindless violence and intimidation." When Mr Keery opened the cafe with his brother in December 2014, it attracted criticism for its prices, which go up to £3.20 for a bowl of cereal. The organisers of the protest advertised it on Facebook with a post saying: "We don't want luxury flats that no-one can afford, we want genuinely affordable housing. "We don't want pop-up gin bars or brioche buns - we want community. "Soon this City will be an unrecognisable, bland, yuppie infested wasteland with no room for normal (and not so normal) people like us." Police in Tower Hamlets are appealing for witnesses to the disorder. Superintendent Pete Turner said: "Officers are currently reviewing the CCTV from both the cafe and the local authority. Any individual identified as being involved in the violence will be actively sought, arrested and brought to justice."	The mayor of London has praised a cafe in east London which was attacked by anti-gentrification protesters.
After Khan, 28, controlled the early rounds, 27-year-old Alexander offered little until the eighth, when he managed to land a series of hooks. But the clinical Bolton fighter remained in charge, and all three judges scored heavily in his favour. Afterwards, Khan reiterated his desire to fight American Floyd Mayweather. "I really believe I've earned my shot against the best boxer in the world and that's Mayweather," said Khan. "He is the ideal fight for me. It would be a game of chess, but I would be too skilful. I have the skill and movement to beat him. He will not be able to hurt me. "I feel better now than I did when I was 25. I'm dedicated to the sport and I know there's a few years left in me. I'm going to try and force that fight with Mayweather." Khan, who has now won 30 of his 33 professional contests, was in complete control as the three judges scored it 119-109, 118-110 and 120-108 in his favour at the MGM Grand. Alexander, from St Louis, had won world titles at light-welterweight and welterweight but was outclassed by his fast and more accurate opponent, who retained the lightly-regarded WBC 'silver' welterweight belt. Under the guidance of trainer Virgil Hunter, Khan consistently beat his opponent to the punch with the American taking a large amount of punishment from the jab as he suffered only his third professional defeat in a 29-fight career. Before the fight, Mayweather said he wanted Philippine great Manny Pacquiao to be his next opponent, although that fight has been talked about for many years without it happening. Nevertheless, Mayweather, unbeaten in 47 bouts and the current holder of the WBC and WBA welterweight and WBC light-middleweight titles, would have been impressed by Khan's near faultless showing. "I trained very hard for this fight," added Khan. "I knew I had to make a statement. It was against a tough, very skilful guy, but it was one of my best performances. "I'm the best boxer and have the quickest hands in the world. I've just turned 28 and I'm getting better and getting quicker, I just had to become smarter. I've got the best jab in the business."	Britain's Amir Khan produced a dominant performance to secure a unanimous points victory over American Devon Alexander in Las Vegas.
Spending by visitors from across the Atlantic leapt by 28% to £633m in the 12 months to the end of September. Visitor numbers from the region also rose during the third quarter of last year to their highest level since 2011. However, there was a 7% drop in visitors from European markets. The statistics came from UK tourism data published by the Office for National Statistics (ONS), with further analysis from the Scottish government and tourism body VisitScotland. Overall, the number of overseas visits to Scotland rose by 0.3% over the year to September, while spend increased by 6.3%, according to the ONS International Passenger Survey. VisitScotland attributed the sharp rise in North American visitors and spend to a weaker pound and an increase in airline capacity between Scotland and the region. It also cited safety and security concerns for the fall in visits from core European markets such as France and Germany. On a more positive note, there was a rise of nearly 50% in visitor numbers from Eastern European markets. VisitScotland chief executive Malcolm Roughead said: "It is remarkable to see such unparalleled growth in the North American market in both visits and spend. "Of course, a favourable exchange rate has played its part, but a focus on airline capacity and connectivity - with around 90,000 extra seats on services from North America in 2016 - alongside a concentrated marketing approach has proved a real formula for success. "It is disappointing to see a slight dip in European visits from core markets such as France and Germany, but with uncertainty over safety and security during 2016 in these countries, it is perhaps understandable." Tourism Secretary Fiona Hyslop said: "North America is an important international market. These excellent figures confirm visitors from the region continue to spend more when they visit Scotland. "It's great news for our hotels, shops and restaurants that depend on tourism revenue." The Scottish Tourism Alliance said the latest visitor figures were "very encouraging" but warned that tourism businesses in Scotland were facing "numerous challenges". Chief executive Marc Crothall said: "The rising costs of doing business is a major concern for tourism businesses at the moment, most pertinently the significant increase in business rates, which for some hospitality and licensed trade businesses will be up to 200%. "This on top of rising costs of goods and services, insurance, licensing, the Apprenticeship Levy and National Living Wage rises will put many smaller businesses in jeopardy. "Our ability to recruit, grow and strengthen our tourism workforce from EU countries and manage the widening skills gap that exists within the industry remains a key concern for most tourism businesses."	Spending by North American tourists in Scotland has hit a record high following a surge in visitor numbers from the region, according to new figures.
Jenny Palmer told the BBC NI Spotlight programme: "I certainly won't hang around for them to discipline me for telling the truth." Her husband, John,  who is also a Lisburn councillor, is quitting the party. Her entire family is leaving the DUP. In July 2013, Mrs Palmer told Spotlight that she had been ordered by a DUP special adviser, Stephen Brimstone, to change the way she intended to vote at a Housing Executive board meeting called to terminate a contract with the maintenance firm, Red Sky. The social development committee at Stormont launched an inquiry that was told by Mrs Palmer that she had rejected five draft apologies from Mr Brimstone and DUP leader Peter Robinson. But she clashed with DUP committee member Sammy Wilson who accused her of changing her story. Recently, it emerged that she was to face a DUP disciplinary panel accused of bringing the party into disrepute. Now she has told BBC Spotlight reporter Mandy McAuley: "My family are resigning. My mother is resigning…from the party because of the behaviour within the party that hold the power within Northern Ireland. "And it's a difficult letter to write and I have said in it, it's with a heavy heart that I felt it necessary to tender my resignation, but I certainly won't hang around for them to discipline me for telling the truth. "John and I have talked with the children and we've talked with each other and we are all of the opinion that we've been treated very badly. I knew that I had to complete the journey. "The party has been good to us, the party is a good party and it works really, really well." Asked if she really believes that the DUP is a good party she said: "Yes. I do, and it's individuals within this party that are bringing this party down." Her husband, John Palmer, said: "There's people within the party that want to search their conscience, you know." Last week, the Stormont inquiry found that the then social development minister, Nelson McCausland, had acted inappropriately. Stephen Brimstone, meanwhile, has been promoted to work as a special adviser alongside Peter Robinson in the office of the first and deputy first minister. You can watch the Spotlight programme on BBC One Northern Ireland at 22:45 BST on Tuesday 19 May	A DUP councillor who claimed she had been "bullied" by the party has resigned ahead of an internal disciplinary inquiry.
Makkonen became known as the father of SMS after developing the idea of sending messages via mobile networks. Despite the nickname, he was often quick to point out that he did not invent the technology single-handedly. In 2012, he told BBC News - in an SMS interview - that he believed texting in some form would be around "forever". Speaking on the 20th anniversary of the first text message, Makkonen said that he considered the development of SMS a joint effort and that it was Nokia who helped to popularise the service. "The real launch of the service, as I see it, was when Nokia introduced the first phone that enabled easy writing of messages (Nokia 2010 in 1994)," he said. Txt spk He added that he did not use "txt spk" himself, though he pointed out that texting could be thought of as having had an impact on the development of language. Jarmo Matilainen, managing director of Finnish telecoms group Finnet Association, had been working with Makkonen, himself a former managing director of Finnet Ltd, in recent years. He described Makkonen as a "grand old man of the mobile industry". "It's very sad. He was just going to retire and he should have had many years ahead," said Matilainen, who added that Makkonen's fascination with communications technology had been irrepressible. "We liked to talk about SMS and that kind of thing, 3G and so on. He liked to talk about this all time," he said. Although the use of SMS in the UK has begun to fall, it remains popular worldwide with trillions of texts sent every year.	Matti Makkonen, who helped to launch the worldwide sensation of texting, has died at the age of 63 after an illness.
Sie, who previously directed 2014 dance film sequel Step Up All In, takes over from Elizabeth Banks, director of last year's Pitch Perfect 2. Production on the third film about an all-girl a cappella group was halted after Banks announced in June she would not return to the director's chair. Banks, who stays on board as producer, announced Sie's involvement on Twitter. "#PitchPerfect has a new leader," the actress wrote on Thursday, adding she was "so excited" Sie was on board. Anna Kendrick, Rebel Wilson and other cast members of the previous films in the series are expected to return for the third instalment, due to reach cinemas in December next year. Pitch Perfect, released in 2012, made $115m (£86.6m) at the global box office, while its sequel took $287m (£216m) worldwide. Follow us on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, on Instagram, or if you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.	Grammy-winning choreographer Trish Sie has been confirmed as the new director of Pitch Perfect 3.
John Longworth, co-chair of Leave means Leave, and ex-minister Owen Paterson will sound the warning at a major German business event on Saturday. Britain will "walk away" if the deal is not right, Mr Longworth will say. Theresa May has said it will be an act of "calamitous self-harm" for the EU to try and punish the UK for leaving. The prime minister has said she wants the UK and the EU to be "good neighbours" in a constructive, new partnership after Brexit. But she has warned that no deal will be better than a bad deal at the end of two years of negotiations - which are expected to start in April. Mr Longworth, former British Chamber of Commerce director general, will echo these views at the Berlin event - attended by German ministers, business, academia and media. "It is entirely sensible for businesses across the EU and Britain who wish to work and trade together to continue to do so and it would be helpful if the British and German governments, as well as key figures in the EU, work towards this goal," he will say. "If the German Chancellor and EU leaders continue down the road of negativity and threats when negotiating with Britain, German business and the German economy will pay a high price." He will warn German businesses that the UK will revert back to World Trade Organisation rules "with ease" if it offers a bad deal. He will suggest that the government could simply "compensate" business for any tariffs that are imposed on goods and services as a result. "We want a system whereby free trade will continue, but in order for this to happen, you need to make representations to your government and the EU," he will say. "The voice of business must drown out that of the bitter politics of the EU project." Mr Paterson, a former environment secretary, will warn that "cack-handed" negotiations could have serious consequences for German exporters. "Germany and the UK have a mutual, strategic and selfish interest in maintaining reciprocal free trade," he will say. "It is vital that businesses in key member states such as Germany are listened to carefully during the negotiations." Organised by Tönissteiner Kreis, a network supported by the main German industry federations, the gathering will explore the future of British-German relations after Brexit. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has warned the rest of the EU against "punishment beatings" in the manner of a World War Two movie. His comments were criticised by Labour and other opposition politicians.	The German economy will pay a "high price" if its leaders make life hard for the UK over Brexit, British pro-Leave campaigners are to warn.
The 31-year-old man was stabbed during a clash in which shots were also fired in King William Walk, Greenwich, in the early hours of Saturday morning. One attacker was said to have had a gun while the other had a knife. The man managed to make his way to a nearby house to ask for help. Emergency services were called, but he died at the scene. Officers believe they know who the victim is but are awaiting confirmation that next of kin have been told. Det Insp Jo Sidaway, who is leading the investigation, said: "During an altercation between the suspects and the victim, the victim was stabbed. "The suspected firearm was discharged, but inquiries continue regarding this." A post-mortem examination is to be held later. Anyone with information has been urged to contact police. The killing is the latest crime to where the alleged perpetrators were riding a moped or scooter. It follows a string of acid attacks carried out on Thursday night.	A man has been stabbed to death by armed men riding on a moped in south-east London.
Canada is marking its 150th anniversary as a country in towns, cities and at backyard barbecues nationwide. But the biggest bash is at Parliament Hill in Ottawa, where organisers expect hundreds of thousands of people. And by mid-morning, they had turned out in their droves - albeit huddled under umbrellas, trying to avoid the rain. Some partygoers, like 24-year-old students Morgan Haines, Jon Salamati and Nima Sahebi, got to the hill before the sun had even risen. Their early morning netted them a prime spot right next to the main stage, where they said they planned to stay until after the fireworks at midnight. The three travelled from Vancouver, on Canada's west coast, to celebrate the day in the capital. "One-fifty is only going to happen once," Mr Salamati said. "By the time we hit Canada 200, we might not be able to do this trip." The celebrations included a concert by Canadian artists, a display from Canada's aerobatics squadron the Snowbirds, a citizenship ceremony for new Canadians, and a massive fireworks display. Canadian theatre giants Cirque du Soleil performed, and Bono and The Edge from  rock band U2 serenaded the crowd with an acoustic set. Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who has made inclusiveness a political calling card, gave a speech celebrating that attribute. "We don't care where you're from or what religion you practise, or whom you love - you are all welcome in Canada," he said to cheers from the crowd. Mr Trudeau's speech was delivered in both English and French, a tradition in Canada, which recognises both as its official languages. "This is as good a reason as any to reflect on our past, to cheer on today, and to recommit ourselves to the future," he said to the 25,000 partygoers who had waited hours to get past security and on to the parliament's lawn. But he also took a moment to remember Canada's indigenous people, whom he said had been "the victims of oppression" since the first settlers arrived. "As a society, we must acknowledge past mistakes," he said, telling the audience that there was still much work to be done in order to achieve reconciliation. However, Canada, he said, was determined to see a reconciliation over the coming years and decades. "It is a choice we make not because of what we did, or who we were, but because of who we are," Mr Trudeau said. Why the world suddenly loves Canada What does it mean to be Canadian today? What's in store for Canada's next 150 years? Indigenous culture is being represented in many ways across the festivities, and a number of indigenous performers are participating in Canada Day concerts in the capital region. Some indigenous peoples refused to recognise Canada 150, saying it represented more than a hundred years of colonisation. Sandwiched between security fences and to the west of the main stage on the parliament's lawn, a group of indigenous protesters have set up a teepee. They have been allowed to stay on Parliament Hill after erecting the structure in the early hours of Thursday morning in what organisers called a "reoccupation". Early on Saturday morning, some of the protesters held a sunrise ceremony, lighting a small fire after negotiating with security to bring firewood onto site. Jess Bolduc, from the Anishinaabe First Nation, said she hoped the day would be one of "conversation and dialogue" when Canada Day revellers flood the lawn. "In celebrating Canada 150, we're celebrating a half-truth," she said. "We need to be thinking about the tens of thousands of years indigenous people have been, and continue to be, here." Across the Ottawa river in Gatineau, Quebec, crowds also lined up to see Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall open a new hall at Canada's Museum of History. Prince Charles' mother, the Queen, is Canada's head of state. Rumela Kabir Booth, from an Indian dance school in Ottawa, helped entertain the crowd before their arrival. "Canada is such a multicultural and inclusive society," she said. "It's great to highlight all the different cultures and aspects that come together." Canada shelled out an estimated C$500m ($385m; £293m) on everything from festivities to security and infrastructure projects. Canada Day, held on 1 July each year, marks the merging of four former British colonies into a single new country. It is a national holiday. The country grew in size in the years that followed, and finally achieved complete autonomy from the UK in 1931. It was not until 1982, however, that the British parliament transferred final legal powers to Canada, including the power to amend its constitution. Businesses have also been trying to capitalise. KFC has temporarily rebranded itself "K'ehFC", in reference to the Canadian slang, while coffee shop Tim Hortons is selling a poutine donut - although only at selected US outlets. As Canada celebrates its 150th anniversary, BBC World News will explore this vast country throughout July - from discovering some of the most remote places in Canada on The Travel Show  to documentary-style programming in Canada Stories. To mark this occasion, we are offering Canadian audiences the chance to watch BBC World News as a free channel preview. More details here.	Revellers, police and some protesters have converged on Canada's national capital on Saturday for a party that has been years in the planning.
The 32-year-old former English Amateur champion finished the first round in Paris two shots clear of compatriot Nathan Kimsey, Belgium's Thomas Pieters and Alexander Bjork of Sweden. Tommy Fleetwood continued his good recent form with an opening round of 67 - one of three players on four under. "I gave myself some real chances and took them," said world 279 Waring. Another Englishman, Andy Sullivan, went round Le Golf National - venue for the 2018 Ryder Cup - in 68. Northern Ireland's Graeme McDowell, a former champion, and Wales' Bradley Dredge are among those a further shot behind after rounds of 69. Waring is competing this season on a medical exemption because of back problems which meant he only started four tournaments last year.	England's Paul Waring carded seven birdies in an opening round of 64 to take the lead at the Open de France.
So getting Davos partygoers to care about centuries old artefacts, some of which are being destroyed thousands of miles away, is not the easiest of tasks. But for Peter Salovey, the president of Yale University, the conference's obsession with the present, and with mammon, is short-sighted. After a year in which sites such as Palmyra in Syria and Bhaktapur in Nepal have been destroyed by war and natural disaster, he decided to devote Yale's annual bash at the Belvedere Hotel to the importance of preserving the earth's cultural history. "They are essentially what documents our humanity," he tells me, moments before opening the doors to a horde of Davos dignitaries - including celebrated cellist Yo Yo Ma. "Will [our cultural heritage] be there to inspire us, to unify us as humans? "Will it be there to transcend national boundaries and political conflict?" he says. In order to drive the point home, Yale's guests are handed unusual freebies. There are 3D replicas of a 19th Century BC ancient Babylonian mathematical tablet illustrating Pythagoras' theorem - centuries before Pythagoras - and an exquisite limestone funerary relief from Palmyra of a woman called Haliphat who died in 231 AD. On the back, a small QR code directs curious recipients to a website with more information on these antique treasures. The giveaways are the result of preservation work carried out at Yale's Institute for the Preservation of Cultural Heritage, and the Smithsonian Institution, both of which study how to protect relics from the elements, and how to digitise objects using high-tech imaging techniques. Their work, Peter Salovey says, is more important than ever before. "[Aretfacts] are in incredible danger today," he warns, "from human activity, from war, they are in danger from natural disaster and from climate change; they are in danger from the very tourists who love to see them." But for those who remain unmoved by pleas to safeguard the future of civilisation, the university has an economic incentive. "If you go to Venice, and buy a cappuccino in St Marks Square, why do you pay €14 (£!0; $15)?" asks Stefan Simon, the director of Yale's institute. "It's because you are sitting in front of St Mark's cathedral, in front of Porta della Carta, and the Doge's Palace, and all the centuries of history of that magnificent city." Despite the rise of "virtual museums", in which people can digitally inspect ancient artefacts, Prof Simon argues there is still huge demand to experience cultural heritage first hand. "Why does a city like Berlin have 10 million overnight tourism stays, and not a single DAX company? "Because people want to see the Berlin Wall, the national museums, the castles." It's an argument that may convince potential donors, but the institute's event is also aimed at those with political power. Prof Simon would like to see a return of the "Monument's Men", a US Army unit deployed to save art stolen by the Germans in World War Two, and popularised in a recent Hollywood movie. "I'm advocating for having a cultural preservation component in the military, with the United Nations, with the OECD." But if world leaders won't commit to troops on the ground while sipping Yale's champagne, the events' organisers are hoping that those with deep pockets will help support cultural conservationists and academics. "Leaders in all sectors need to think about these issues," says Peter Salovey. "We want future leaders to appreciate the importance of cultural heritage and to pitch in in protecting it. "This," he adds, "is the future of the past."	To be thought of as "forward thinking" is a badge of honour at the World Economic Forum, where pundits compete for the most quotable prediction of what the next 12 months will bring.
Twenty others were injured in the crush, on the outskirts of Varanasi, a town sacred to many Hindus. A police officer said that 3,000 devotees were expected at the event but 70,000 showed up. Some of the injured people are in a serious condition in hospital. Of the 19 dead, 14 are women. Raj Bahadur, one of the organisers, told the Press Trust of India news agency that after police started turning people back from an overcrowded bridge, a rumour spread that the bridge was broken and people started to run for safety. According to The Times of India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced 200,000 rupees (£2,460; $2,997) compensation for the families of the dead. "I have spoken to officials & asked them to ensure all possible help to those affected due to the stampede in Varanasi," Mr Modi tweeted.	At least 24 people have died in a stampede as tens of thousands of people attended a religious event in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
Matt Tubbs crossed for Luke Coulson to head the opener before James Constable nodded in to double their advantage. Mid-table Barrow came into the game on a 10-game unbeaten run and Andy Cook halved their deficit from a corner. The Spitfires eventually killed off the visitors, Ben Strevens tapping in after his penalty kick was saved.	Eastleigh scored twice in the first 30 minutes on their way to a comfortable win over Barrow to move to within a point of the final play-off place.
A Citroën Picasso and a motorbike collided at the junction of Maple Terrace and Cambridge Street in Newcastle, Northumbria Police said. Paul Callan, 21, also known as "Stan", of Charlotte Close, Newcastle, later died. Officers are appealing for witnesses for anyone who saw an "off-road" type motorcycle driven in the area at about 13:00 on 1 December.	A motorcyclist has died after a crash in Newcastle.
The Spanish government is now reviewing the permit for refuelling at its enclave of Ceuta in north Africa. The UK said it would be "extremely concerned" if the refuelling went ahead. Nato expressed concern that the ships could be used to help bomb civilians in Aleppo, but said the final decision on resupply rested with Spain. The battle group has been sailing for the past week from Russia via the English Channel to the Mediterranean. It was expected to pass through the Strait of Gibraltar on Wednesday. The warships were then due to take on fuel and supplies at Ceuta on the Moroccan coast. "The latest stopovers which have been requested are now being revised, based on the information which we are receiving from our allies and from the Russian authorities themselves," a statement from Spain's foreign ministry said. The ministry added that Russian ships have been a frequent user of Ceuta since 2011 and that each request was considered on a "case by case basis". Nato's Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg warned that warships could be used to target civilians in Syria. "We are concerned and I have expressed that very clearly about the potential use of this battle group to increase Russia's ability and to be a platform for air strikes against Syria," he told journalists on Tuesday. "The concern is that the Kuznetsov carrier group can be used as a platform for increased airstrikes against civilians in Aleppo." But he added that it was "for each nation to decide whether these ships can get supplies and fuelling and be fuelled in different harbours along the route towards the eastern Mediterranean." The British Defence Secretary, Michael Fallon, said: "We'd be extremely concerned that any Nato member should consider assisting a Russian carrier group that might end up bombing Syrian civilians." "On the contrary, Nato should be standing together." Other critics included: Led by Russia's only aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov, the naval group includes a nuclear-powered battle cruiser, two anti-submarine warships and four support vessels, probably escorted by submarines. The battle group carries dozens of fighter bombers and helicopters and is expected to join around 10 other Russian vessels already off the Syrian coast. Some 2,700 people have been killed or injured since the Russian-backed Syrian offensive started last month, according to activists. Western leaders have said Russian and Syrian air strikes on Aleppo could amount to war crimes, an accusation rejected by Russia. About 250,000 civilians who live in Aleppo have been trapped by the fighting. Moscow announced last week a "humanitarian pause" in attacks as part of a plan to allow civilians and fighters to leave the area.	Spain is coming under pressure from Nato allies not to allow the refuelling of Russian warships bound for Syria.
Mayka Marica Kukucova, 26, is charged with murdering businessman Andrew Bush, 48, at his mansion near Marbella on the Costa del Sol in April 2014. Prosecutors at the Ciudad de la Justicia in Malaga told the court he died after being shot three times, once in the shoulder and twice in the head. Ms Kukucova has not entered a plea. The court heard the pair met when Ms Kukucova - a Slovak national - was working at a jewellery store owned by Mr Bush in Bristol. In an account of the events leading up to his death, she told the court she had gone to his home to collect her things when he returned unexpectedly from a trip with his new girlfriend Maria Korotaeva. She said: "When he came and saw me he told his girlfriend to go out to the car. "He started shouting and hitting me and took me strongly by the arms. I said I wanted to go but he said no. "He was shouting that he was going to kill me and my family." After a struggle down the stairs, Ms Kukucova said: "Then the gun was in my hands. I threw myself on him and we were fighting and then the gun went off. "I couldn't hear anything. I was just trying to get away. I didn't want to hurt him." She said she had tried to go back upstairs but there was another struggle on the staircase as Mr Bush came after her. "I don't know how many times the gun went off," she said. The court heard Ms Kukucova then left the house and told Ms Korotaeva to get out of Mr Bush's car before driving off. Her defence counsel Carlos Larranaga said: "The facts are that a person has died. There was a homicide but we have not accepted that my client is a murderer. "My client shot him." He told the jury: "You must decide if Mr Bush was killed in an aggressive way, or as a method of defence." She handed herself in to authorities in Slovakia four days after the shooting and was extradited back to Spain to face charges of murder and vehicle theft. The trial continues.	A swimwear model accused of shooting dead her millionaire ex-boyfriend at his home in Spain has told a judge she "never wanted to hurt him".
