The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) offers helpful nutritional guidelines through its My Plate program. My Plate shows portion sizes for eating a balanced diet of fruits, vegetables, grains and protein, as well as interactive tools for customizing diet according to need. To balance your calorie count, the USDA suggests you eat foods you enjoy, but in smaller portions. Half your plate should be fruits and vegetables, and at least half of the grains you eat should be whole grains. Read nutrition labels to be aware of sodium, calorie and fat counts to make informed food choices. For women, calcium intake is especially important in order to prevent osteoporosis, which is the loss of bone density. Milk is a good source of calcium. The USDA recommends fat-free or low-fat (1 percent) milk, rather that whole or 2 percent. Type II diabetes is one of the most common endocrine disorders in the U.S. Obesity increases your risk of developing type II diabetes, so eating a low-calorie, low-fat diet may help keep your endocrine system in balance.; ,   Notify your health practitioner if any family members have endocrine disorders. Although you can't change family history, being aware means you can take preventive measures, such as eating a healthy diet. Early diagnosis and treatment may limit the effects of the potential condition. If you are at high risk for developing an endocrine disorder, you may be referred to an endocrinologist.    Stress, be it physical, emotional or environmental, can threaten a body's homeostasis. Certain endocrine glands secrete hormones that help the body respond to stress, but the function is meant to be short term. Extended secretion may weaken the body's defenses, leaving room for infection, or even result in high blood pressure or a lack of cortisol and other steroid hormones. Long-term, this lack can lead to organ damage and even failure. Reduce stress by getting enough sleep, utilizing relaxation techniques and keeping a positive outlook. The amount of sleep you need to function best varies among individuals, but on average each night, adults need 7 to 9 hours; teens need 8.5 to 9.25 hours; children ages 5 to 10 should get 10 to 11 hours; preschool children need 11 to 13 hours; toddlers ages 1 to 3 should get 12 to 14 hours; infants need 14 to 15 hours and newborns need 12 to 18 hours. Relaxation methods can include meditation activities such as walking, painting or knitting � anything calm and repetitive � or focusing for a few minutes on breathing deeply or finding a quiet place to lie down and calm your heart beat.	Eat a healthy diet in order to maintain a healthy weight and balanced chemical secretions from the endocrine system. Be aware of your family history and monitor your endocrine system if endocrine disorders such as diabetes or hypothyroidism run in your family may take preventive measures. Reduce stress to avoid extended chemical secretions that can result in disorders or a weakened immune system.
Before going to bed, drink a glass of water, hot chocolate, or warm milk to get you comfortable. Have a midnight snack, as long as it's not chocolatey or sugary. This will keep you up!  , The earlier you go to bed, the easier it will be to get up early the next day. You should plan to get at least 8-12 hours of sleep every night. Staying up till midnight when you have to get up at 5:30 a.m. the next morning is not gonna fly.  You can use this time to lay in bed and wake yourself up before you actually have to get out of bed (Turn on a light and press the snooze button so you won't fall back asleep).  Getting up on the first ring will make you much less tired then sleeping another 5 minutes. This won't help. You're going to have to get up eventually, so you might as well not be late! If you must hit the snooze button, limit yourself to only 1 or 2 snoozes.; , Quickly wash your face to get you a little more active. Splash cold/hot water in your face. Maybe even take a hot shower in the morning to wake up. Drink hot coffee or hot chocolate.  Get dressed and brush your hair and teeth. Eat a big, healthy breakfast to get you ready for the day and make sure some lights are turned on. The dark may get you sleepy.  Do a little dance, sing a song. Scream in a high pitch voice. It may sound crazy, but it works.	Get comfortable. Go to bed early. Set your alarm clock to about 10 minutes earlier than your usual waking-up time. Don't hit the snooze button!, Wake up!, Get ready for your day. Do a few stretches and jumping jacks.
Keeping Norwegian forest cat in peak physical condition requires some high-quality cat food. Take care to choose a high-quality cat foot that will meet all of your Norwegian forest cat’s nutritional needs.   One good way to select a food for your cat is to read the ingredients. The first two ingredients listed on the package should be meat (not meat by-products). If they are not, then keep looking. Choose a food that contains taurine. Taurine is an essential amino acid that your cat needs for good vision and heart health. All high-quality cat foods should include this ingredient, so avoid any cat foods that do not contain taurine.; , Free-feeding is when you allow your cat to have access to unlimited food. This way of feeding causes some cats to become overweight, so it is not the best method. Instead, feed your Norwegian forest cat a measured amount on a regular schedule.To determine how much to feed your Norwegian forest cat, take the daily recommended feeding amount on your cat’s food package and then divide this amount in half. For a cat that weighs between five and nine pounds, you may need to provide a daily amount of 2/3 of a cup. To divide this amount into two meals, give your Norwegian forest cat 1/3 of a cup in the morning and 1/3 of a cup at night. Providing small portions will make it more likely that your cat will eat her food.Check with your Norwegian forest cat’s veterinarian for a specific recommendation on how much to feed your cat.  Your Norwegian forest cat will need to have a bowl of fresh, clean water available at all times. Wash your cat’s water bowl daily and change the water once per day or as needed.Your cat’s food and water bowls should be placed somewhere that is easy for your cat to access. Never place food and water bowls near your cat’s litter box. Cats do not like to eat and drink near their litter boxes.  Norwegian forest cats like treats like all cats do, so try to give your Norwegian forest cat a special treat once per day. You can buy special kitty treats in the grocery store or pet store. You might also try giving your cat some acceptable human foods as a treat. Remember that treats should not exceed 5% of your Norwegian forest cat’s total daily calories. Some good treat options include:lean deli meat cooked chicken or turkey canned tuna cantaloupe chunks steamed broccoli cheese cooked eggs mashed potatoeshomemade tuna cat treats	Select a high-quality cat food. Feed your Norwegian forest cat two measured meals per day. Provide lots of fresh, clean water for your Norwegian forest cat. Give your Norwegian forest cat treats.
; ,,,  ,  , Also you will need to decide if whether it will be a Standard Account, or Administrator Account.     Standard Account users can use most software and change system settings that do not affect other users or the security of the computer. Administrator Account users have complete access to the computer and can make any desired changes. To help make the computer more secure, administrators are asked to provide a password or confirmation before making changes that affect other users.    If you want to make any personal changes like set up a password, change profile picture, or put on parental controls, just click on your name.	Go to your Start menu. Go to you Control Panel.  , Select User Accounts And Family Safety.  , Click on "Add Or Remove User Accounts.", Select "Create User Accounts.", Type in user account name. You are done!
Cheap fish, invertebrates, corals and macroalgae are better for an aquarium and for the environment. They're cheap because they reproduce well in captivity or are plentiful in the wild and tend not to die on the way to the pet store. Also, get little fish that stay fairly little. They're as pretty and usually as interesting as big ones, but metabolize much less. Half the length means one-eighth the volume and mass--and while smaller animals are usually more active for their size, they're still much less of a handful to care for. They'll also have room to swim and stake out little territories comfortably.; , High-powered light consumes more energy than anything else in the aquarium. It encourages the growth of hair and other microalgae, and coralline algae which, while colorful, requires hard scraping with a metal tool, generally by reaching inside the aquarium, to remove. It produces heat which can require a chiller to remove from the aquarium and more air conditioning to remove from the house.   The light should still be brighter than a typical freshwater aquarium. One to two watts per gallon (one of the two ballasts for U-tube lights). Read reviews online about this product there has been some problems experienced.  (Some hermit crabs and snails are worthwhile for eating microalgae and stirring the sand.) If it doesn't move, it doesn't produce much waste. Algae actually cleans the water.  Arrange the rocks into a loose open pattern. Directing one water jet such as the filter exhaust along one side of the tank and slightly inward so that the water spins in a slow vortex and another toward the otherwise stagnant center is a good start. Add a power head as necessary.   Saltwater fish, unlike freshwater fish, are generally used to keeping position in waves and are not upset by vigorous water movement.  It is a good idea to change some of the water from time to time - perhaps 20% every other week, or 10% every week.   Replacing a mechanical-filter cartridge more often might be a good idea. But a big protein skimmer is perhaps even more effective in removing organic sludge. Always top off (i.e., when no saltwater is removed) with fresh water. Salt water would over-concentrate, like the Dead Sea! Dechlorinate it first. In some areas with high levels of other impurities, or especially sensitive aquarium residents, reverse osmosis, deionized, distilled or otherwise purified water can best avoid adding copper and other harmful minerals to the tank.  This removes undesirable material, including suspended algae, from the water so it does not dirty the water as it rots. Hang it on the front if you have to, such as for a nano-reef tank. A length of air line tubing from the air intake can muffle it greatly; ideally the opening should be above the water level so no malfunction can start siphoning water out of the aquarium.   Adding the air line will change the water level in the skimmer; be prepared to adjust the skimmer so the water doesn't rise too high and spill out of the aquarium. The author has had success with a big coral life 60 gallon (227.1 L) skimmer on a 29 gallon (109.8 L) nano-reef. A large amount of macroalgae, live rock, and live sand is a great bio-chemical filter.  Filter-feeders let their morsels come to them - slowly. If a mechanical filter (like many micro-reef rear compartments) will stay wet, keeping its bacteria alive, when it is turned off, you can put it on the lighting timer so it only comes on at night. In any event put the protein skimmer, whose recirculating area doesn't have room for bacteria to build up and die, on the timer to come on at night only. But always there should be something moving the tank's water, such as a powerhead. This keeps the food (and tiny particles into which the pumps shred it) moving enticingly so the fish will have several minutes to hunt it, the corals and other stationary inverts will have all day to filter-feed and dangle at it, and the crabs and snails will have all day to pick up the particles that do manage to settle to the bottom. It also keeps the live rock and sand biologically filtering the water. Then the protein skimmer will remove it at night before it rots very much and the filters will make the water very clean at night.  Some wet-dry filters do not include (or can be used without) a mechanical filter such as a sponge. They can constantly aerate and bio-chemically filter water well without removing particulates too efficiently. Their constant operation might be more important for big fish.  This works best if the lights are not extremely bright so the glass will have little coralline algae on it.   Small basically-toothless carnivorous fish such as clownfish will tend to eat little nuisance bugs that can damage coral.  Heater capacity should be on the low side because the lights and pumps create some heat and low temperatures from a cold house or insufficient heater capacity are less likely to kill the fish than excessive temperatures from a powerful heater stuck on.	Get the right fish. Use corals (generally soft corals, which are like masses of little anemones without much of a sting) and macroalgae that do not require a lot of light. Make the aquarium colorful with a lot of macroalgae and soft corals and relatively few animals that move such as fish and shrimp. Circulate the water vigorously everywhere in the aquarium to let the live rock and sand filter it biologically, to keep material from building up and rotting anywhere, and to keep food suspended so the fish will have a long time to see and eat it with little waste. If the corals are open and growing well, the water quality is probably fine. Make sure the aquarium has a protein skimmer. Don't make your filter-feeders fight the machine - put it on a timer!, Clean the glass with a magnetic cleaner from the outside. An entirely plastic-bodied heater greatly reduces the risk of heater breakage.
A clock with no glass or plastic cover and easily maneuverable hands will be the most approachable to work with.; , Keeping the minute hand at 12, move the hour hand to various positions on the clock. Explain that any time the minute hand is exactly over the 12, it is __ o'clock. Allow the child to move the hour hand around until (s)he is comfortable reading it.  Keeping the hour hand stationary, move the minute hand around and explain what each position means to your child. Start by covering the 5-minute marks; once they understand those, progress to the “off” numbers like 12 and 37. Allow the child to move the minute hand around and practice reading it until (s)he is comfortable. Don’t worry about hours for the time being.  Start with simple times (ex. 1:30, 4:45, 8:05) before moving on to more complicated ones (ex. 2:37, 12:59) – especially ones with overlapping hands (ex. 1:05).  This will give him/her confidence and a sense of control while simultaneously getting in another form of practice.  Always be sure to do this after he or she has mastered the concepts as an encouragement technique.	Get a large clock with big hands. Explain that the shorthand is the hour hand. Explain that the long hand is the minute hand. Demonstrate how to read the hour and minute hand together. Allow the child to quiz you. Quiz the child.
To ensure that the oven is hot enough to bake the cupcakes, set the temperature to 350 degrees Fahrenheit (177 degrees Celsius) and allow it to fully heat. Next, take a 12 cup muffin tin and fill the compartments with paper cupcake liners.Keep an eye on your oven so you know when it’s reached the proper temperature. It will usually flash an indicator light or beep to alert you.; , Add 1 ⅓ cups (167 g) of all-purpose flour, ½ teaspoon (2 ½ g) of baking soda, ½ teaspoon (2 ½ g) of baking powder, 2 teaspoons (5 g) of ground cinnamon, 2 teaspoons (5 g) of ground ginger, ¼ teaspoon (½ g) of ground cloves, ¼ teaspoon (½ g) of ground nutmeg, ¼ teaspoon (½ g) of ground allspice, and ¼ teaspoon (1 ½ g) of salt to a large bowl. Stir until the ingredients are fully blended, and set aside.If you don’t like the flavor of ground cloves, you can substitute an equal amount of ground allspice.  In a separate large bowl, beat together ½ cup (115 g) of softened butter and ½ cup (100 g) of packed dark brown sugar with a hand mixer set to medium. Blend the mixture until it’s light and fluffy.You can use a stand mixer with the paddle attachment in place to mix the batter. You can also mix the batter by hand, but it will require more time and effort. You can substitute light brown sugar for the dark brown sugar if you prefer.  When the butter and sugar mixture is light and fluffy, mix in 1 egg. Blend until it is totally incorporated into the butter and sugar.It’s a good idea to break the egg into a separate dish before adding it to the butter mixture. That way, if the egg is bad, you won’t ruin all of the batter. Make sure to scrape down the sides of the bowl if necessary to ensure that all of the egg is blended into the butter and sugar.  Once the egg is fully mixed into the batter, add ½ cup (118 ml) of water and ½ cup (156 g) of molasses. Beat the mixture together with the hand mixer on medium for 30 seconds to 1 minutes.Don’t worry if the molasses isn’t fully incorporated into the mixture. It’s normal for the batter to have a piece-y consistency at this point.  Turn the hand mixer’s speed to low, and gradually add the dry ingredients into the batter. Beat the mixture until the dry ingredients are just combined with the wet ingredients.Be careful not to overmix the batter. You may wind up with tough, chewy cupcakes. Scrape down the sides and bottom of the bowl as you’re mixing to ensure that the ingredients are blended.  When the batter is completely mixed, spoon it into the lined muffin tin. Add enough batter to fill the cups ⅔’s of the way.Don’t overfill the muffin tin. The muffins may puff up and bake into one another if the compartments are too full.  Place the muffin tin in the preheated oven, and allow the cupcakes to bake for 20 to 25 minutes. They’re finished when you stick a toothpick in the center and it comes out clean., Set the muffin tin on a wire rack and let the cupcakes cool for 10 minutes before removing them. Place the cupcakes on the rack, and allow them to sit for another 20 to 30 minutes or until they’re cooled completely.It’s important to ensure that the cupcakes are entirely cool before you frost them. If you place the frosting on warm cupcake, it will melt.  Add 8 ounces (224 g) of softened cream cheese and ¼ cup (60 g) of softened butter to a medium size bowl. Use a hand mixer to beat them together on medium speed until the mixture is smooth. It should take approximately 2 minutes.For the best results, use full fat cream cheese.  When the cream cheese and butter are combined, add 2 cups (240 g) of powdered sugar and 1 tablespoon (15 ml) of heavy cream. Blend them into the cream cheese and butter on medium for approximately 2 minutes or until the mixture is smooth.You can substitute milk for the heavy cream if you prefer.  Once the powdered sugar and cream are blended into the frosting, mix in 1 teaspoon (5 ml) of vanilla extract. If the frosting is too thick, stir in another tablespoon (15 ml) of heavy cream to thin it to a spreadable consistency.If the frosting tastes too sweet, mix in a pinch of salt to help balance the flavors. To give the frosting a spicy flavor, add 2 teaspoons (5 g) of ground cinnamon. Give the frosting a bright citrus flavor by mixing in ½ teaspoon (1 g) of orange zest. If you like maple, stir ¼ cup (79 g) of maple syrup into the frosting.  When the frosting is mixed, use a butter knife or spatula to spread it on the cooled cupcakes. You can also place the frosting in a piping bag and pipe it onto the cupcakes. Place the frosted cupcakes on a platter and serve.If you don’t plan to serve the cupcakes right away, store them in the refrigerator. They’ll stay fresh for 3 to 4 days. Allow refrigerated cupcakes to come to room temperature before serving.	Preheat the oven and line a muffin pan. Mix the flour, baking soda, spices, and salt. Combine the butter and brown sugar. Add the egg. Stir in the water and molasses. Mix the flour mixture into the wet ingredients. Fill the muffin tin with the batter. Bake the cupcakes until they’re set. Allow the cupcakes to cool completely before icing. Combine the cream cheese and butter. Mix in the powdered sugar and cream. Add the vanilla and more cream if necessary. Frost the cupcakes and serve.
Expand your vocabulary so you can express your ideas as precisely as possible. Reading is a great way to expand your vocabulary. The more you read, the more words you will be exposed to. When you encounter new words, use the context of the sentence and a dictionary to discover their meaning.For example, use nouns, adjectives, verbs, and the tone used in the sentence to guess the meaning of the word. Then, look up the word in the dictionary to see if your judgment is correct. Read novels, literary works, journals, magazines, newspapers, blogs, and books of interest.; , We encounter new words every day through reading, conversations, TV, and music. By keeping a dictionary and/or thesaurus handy, you will be able to instantly look up new words that you encounter throughout the day. Use whatever version you prefer, i.e., print, online, or electronic.When you encounter a new word, look up its pronunciation and meaning(s). Then, go to the thesaurus and learn similar words and phrases, as well as antonyms. Great apps that provide these services are the Free Dictionary app, the Dictionary.com app, and the Thesaurus.com app.  Make a point to learn a new word every day. If not every day, then learn a new word at least five days out of the week. You can either develop your own list, or use a word-a-day calendar or website.For example, Dictionary.com’s Word-of-the-Day is a great place to start. The Free Dictionary app has a variety of features that will enhance your vocabulary. For example, each day it has new words for you to learn and word games to help you expand your vocabulary.  Word games are also great tools to help you broaden your vocabulary. Pick word games that are challenging, and ones that will help you discover new words and meanings.   Fun word games that will help you expand your vocabulary are crossword puzzles, Scrabble, anagrams, word jumble, and Boggle. Websites that offer fun games are WordPlays.com, Vocabulary.com, and Freedictionary.com.	Read, read, read. Keep a dictionary handy. Learn a word a day. Play word games.
First, measure how wide the bookshelf will need to be to cover the door. Then, determine whether or not you can put the bookcase far enough away from the soon-to-be-hidden door that it can swing outwards without hitting any neighboring walls or furniture. Make sure that the hidden door won’t swing into the bookshelf, either.  Don't hinge the wood shelves directly; a steel frame made from box tubing will allow the door to swing easily and will support 500-1000lbs / 225-450kg (a full bookshelf) with no problem.   Calculate the size of the frame. The width should just cover the access door and be centered. The height should allow a minimum clearance from the floor for trim and base board and enough clearance from the ceiling for the metal frame barely below the crown.       Attach 3/4in (19mm) bolts to act as the pivot pins. First, weld a piece of scrap 1/4in (6mm) plate to each pivot point, one of which should be on the top of the frame and the other, directly opposite it on the bottom. Then,weld a bolt to each plate for extra strength. Finally, cut each bolt to 2in (5cm) long. Each pivot will fit inside a ceiling or floor mount that you will install later.   Build a ceiling anchor. An ideal piece of scrap steel (such as the one shown below) would already have holes in it for the pivot bolts. Size the ceiling anchor to span 3 joists. Add a short arm out to avoid rocking (which can be done with scrap steel). The short arm has to align with a joist or it will rock and break out the ceiling. Make the pivot point with a 3/4in (19mm) brass flange bearing inserted into a 1in (25mm) hole in the 2x2in (5x5cm) box.       Build a floor anchor. Unless it will be bolted to a concrete floor (in which case it can be much smaller than the ceiling anchor), simply repeat the process outlined above.       Position and place the top anchor, base anchor, and frame. Attach the top anchor loosely (letting it rock), slip in the frame and bottom anchor on the pin (with 2 washers on the pin above the bearing), then slide the whole set into place. Hang a plumb bob along the edge of the frame to tell if it is vertical in both directions.       When true, secure bolts on both ends. At the pivot point, split a tiny piece (about 3/8in / 19mm) of nylon tubing and slip it on the exposed bolt. This keeps the bearing from slipping down.       Test the swing of the door frame. For an accurate test, position 500lbs / 225kgs’ worth of people in it.   Build the bookcase in the frame. When sizing it, be sure to verify the clearance. You can make the swinging bookcase 2in (5cm) shallower than the other shelves to allow clearance behind it for when it is swung.       Build the two side bookshelves and install trim all around. To measure the clearance between the trim and the crown, use a credit card. The trim on the hinged side of the shelf-door should be attached to the fixed shelf; on the non-hinged side, however, it should move with the door. If the horizontal trim dives under it as the door opens, bevel notches in the trim on the right. If necessary, slightly round the horizontal pieces to slip underneath smoothly.  This can simply be a block of wood with a strong magnet (ex. a door magnet) held in place where the frame should ideally rest. This will not only hit the steel to keep the door from closing too far, but also hold the door so that it doesn't float open.  Make sure it swings nicely and looks inconspicuous.	Calculate the dimensions of your space. Weld a steel frame to support the bookcase. Install the steel frame. Build the bookcase into and around the frame. Install a wooden doorstop above the door. Test the finished product.
It's a good idea to stick to a daily routine, as this will help your child to adjust to a certain pattern and will make implementing a strict bedtime a lot easier.   A well-timed lunch followed by an afternoon nap, fixed and regular study hours, evening games and a timely dinner will make the life of your children much more systematic and meaningful. This complete list of activities should end up in a firm bedtime and a peaceful sleep. This discipline in terms of routine will help your toddler to sleep soundly while also enjoying all the moments of health and happiness while they are awake.; , Create a schedule of regular evening outdoor activities. Take your child out for a healthy walk, make him/her learn swimming in the kid’s swimming pool, instill in them the desire to learn new outdoor activities and games.   Spending too much time inside watching TV or playing games on their play station will not only cause weakness and less agility, but will also prevent the toddler from getting a good night's, because staring at screens will make them too stimulated to sleep.  Like your daily activity plan, it is also important to institute a bedtime routine.   Activities such as drinking a warm glass of milk, brushing teeth, having a warm bath or reading a bedtime story and topping it off with a simple prayer, creates a peaceful transition from waking to sleep. Also,if you can maintain a consistent bedtime routine, your child’s wake up and bedtime schedule will become regular thanks to their body’s biological clock.  The food that we give our children does not just affect their health, but also contributes to a restful sleep.   Proper timing of the meals along with the healthiness of the food is very important, not only for the health of the kids but also for a sound and quiet sleep. Avoid giving your child sweets or anything with high sugar content just before you plan to bring them to bed. Remember that when sugar spikes, it will lead to difficulty in sleeping as the child will experience a sugar rush and become full of energy. A balanced diet and timely consumption of the evening meal is highly recommended. Make sure the child is getting plenty of vegetables and fruits, along with healthy proteins and carbohydrates.  You, as parents, have to understand the sleep requirements of toddlers aside from their other needs in life. You must take into account the amount of time they require for sleep in order to get up and feel rested in the morning.   You must work as a team to support each other with the purpose of creating a quiet environment that's conducing for your child going to sleep at a reasonable hour. Remember, your toddler will always follow your example. It is not realistic to expect him to sleep soundly while you are watching a famous TV show or enjoying a newly released blockbuster movie. The toddler is bound to resist the need to sleep as his mind will be consistently hovering over what is happening outside his room.  Minimize your presence by leaving the room before the toddler dozes off, but don’t lie in the child’s bed or interact with the kid. Move farther away from the bed each night as the toddler falls asleep to gradually reduce dependence on you.   Establish a sense of security by reassuring the toddler of another presence in the room such as a nearby goldfish a night light, or a favorite teddy bear. Keep your promise as when you commit to come back to the room in a while to check on the toddler. Allot longer intervals, starting with a 5-10 minute waiting period.  If your toddler sneaks out of the room, accompany him or her back without much interaction. Being firm is important.   Give the toddler a "bedtime pass" that will allow them to leave their room just once a night to ask for anything they need or. For some, the pass can be a replacement for crying or calling out to get attention. Reward good behavior, such as giving the child his favorite cereal or picking a favorite outfit the following morning, and ignore the undesirable ones like crying or slipping out of the room.	Get your toddler into a regular daily routine. Spend some time with your toddler outdoors. Establish a consistent bedtime routine. Be mindful of your child’s food intake before bedtime. Think and work as a team. Don't get into the habit of staying with your toddler until he falls asleep. Be firm with your toddler.
Animals are awesome, and they can teach students a large number of different skills and abilities. Depending on the age and type of classroom you have, consider adding one or more pet to the classroom. Use that pet as a way to teach your students responsibility and other important life skills., Every so often, maybe once a week at a certain time, allow your students to decide what they want to do or learn. Maybe this time is a special play time where your students get to pick what game they want to play. Divide the decision making between different students or groups. Allow your students to become part of the teaching process.This might also be a great opportunity to have your students present to the class, instead of you. Make it an assignment that each student, or group of students, has to present a topic of their choice to the class.  Music can do a lot of wonderful things for people. If you have a way to incorporate music into your classroom or lessons, do so. Maybe you even have the ability to allow your students to select the music.	Have one or more class pets. Allow your students to decide what they want to do. Add music to your classroom.
It's easier to work with the watch if you're unobstructed. Undo the strap or remove the band completely and turn the watch over., Four types of watch backs include snap offs, screw-off backs, swatches, and backs with screws holding them together. Examine the back of your watch to determine what kind of watch you have.Screw off backs will have notches around the edges on the back of the watch. Snap offs will have a completely smooth back with a small cut or indentation where the back of the watch meet and watch meet. Swatches will have a slot on the back where you can fit a coin.  Once you remove the back, you'll be able to see the internal components of the watch. Often, there will be a something blocking the battery from slipping out. This could be a clip, retaining bar, and plastic cover.Look at the bottom of the clip to find the small hole near the bottom of the clip. Insert a small screwdriver into the hole and press up with your screwdriver to disengage the clip. This should make your battery accessible.Wear a pair of dust free latex gloves when replacing your battery. Some watches won't have anything covering up the battery. In this case, you can skip this step.  Before removing the battery, take note of its position and which side is facing up. Take a look at the writing on the battery so that you know which kind you should get to replace it. The battery will be round disc that's around 3        , Using plastic tweezers, position one side of the tweezers under the battery. Pry up with the tweezers to remove the battery from its casing., Take your replacement battery and stick it in the spot where your old battery was. Use the plastic tweezers to press it back into place. Avoid hitting or disrupting the other internal parts of the watch.  If the watch is not working, you may have put the battery in backward, or it could be damaged. Double check that the battery is incorrectly installed. If it still doesn't work, consider taking it to a professional for repair.	Undo the strap and turn the watch over. Remove the back of the watch. Remove any clip that may be holding the battery in place. Take notice of the position of the battery. Ease the battery from the casing. Push the new battery into place. Check that the watch works before reattaching the back.
Beagles were bred mostly in packs, and it is important that they learn early who the master is.; , Introduce them slowly to other pets in your home.  Stick to a specific schedule and take him outside as often as every hour at first.   Purchase a crate that will fit your beagle as an adult. The crate should measure approximately 3 feet (.9 meters) long. If the crate is too large, the puppy may choose an area to eliminate at one end and sleep at the other. Wire crates work best as many puppies will chew a plastic one.  Check online, local libraries and local organizations. Your veterinarian can also provide suggestions for training.  Have them work on a single command at a time until it is mastered.    Local shelters, pet stores and other organizations offer them at low cost. Consider visiting one of the classes prior to enrolling to make sure that you agree with the type of training presented.    The leash can be somewhat loose, but remember that beagles travel with their nose to the ground and may try to pull away. The recommended leashes for training are made out of leather.	Start training at an early age. Socialize your new puppy to its environment. Consider crate training for your beagle's potty training as beagles can be somewhat stubborn in this area. Research appropriate training methods prior to actual training. Begin with simple commands such as "sit" to begin your training at home. Enroll in an obedience program. Purchase appropriate collar and leash for training. Be generous with praise and rewards for appropriate behavior.
Once the dog has given birth to the litter and is nursing the pups, you should give her a calcium supplement. This will ensure her calcium levels do not drop. It can also be beneficial for the puppies, especially a large litter of puppies.You can find calcium supplements for dogs at your local pet store or online. Make sure you check the label of the supplement to confirm it contains mostly calcium. If you are unsure about the supplement, speak to your vet before giving it to your nursing dog.  You should also try to get the puppies to have milk replacer instead of their mother’s milk within the first 24 hours of birth. This will put less of a demand on the mother to produce milk for the puppies and reduce her risk of developing eclampsia.You should then start giving the puppies solid food when they are three to four weeks old. This will help to lessen the demand on the mother to produce subsistence for the puppies.  When the puppies are three to four weeks old, they should be weaned off the mother so they can be self-sufficient and not put the mother at risk of eclampsia. Start by separating the mother from the litter for a few hours at a time. Once the puppies are separated from the mother, have the puppies eat high-quality puppy food from a pan. Moisten the food with water or milk replacer.Encourage the puppies to eat from the pan by allowing them to lick the food off your fingers. Most puppies will get the hint and feed from the pan on their own. Put a bowl of fresh water out so the puppies can also drink whenever they’d like. This will ensure they stay hydrated. Make sure the mother is on a separate feeding schedule as the puppies so she remains healthy and does not overproduce milk. You can speak to your vet about exactly how much food to feed the mother so she gets the nutrients she needs once she stops producing milk.	Provide calcium supplements for the nursing dog. Give the puppies milk replacer. Wean the puppies off the mother.
As soon as your dog starts presenting symptoms, take him to the vet. The vet will examine your dog and look for indications of a respiratory infection, such as a raised temperature, swollen lymph nodes, or unusual noises in the lung.   Your vet will probably want to perform bloodwork and other routine tests.Other conditions may present like a collapsed trachea. Coughing is a general sign, so not every Chihuahua that coughs is going to have a collapsed trachea. Other coughs that can mimic this problem include having a long soft palate, kennel cough, heart disease, or lungworm. However, any cough should be checked out by your vet., The next step is for the vet to x-ray the dog's lungs and throat. This will rule out a lung infection as the cause for the cough.   Because of the way the collapse shows up on x-rays, the collapsed trachea may not always be visible on the x-rays., A fluoroscopy is a type of real-time x-ray, where it's possible to watch the actual movements of the trachea. However, this type of equipment is not available at every practice and referral to a specialist center may be necessary., Your vet can determine if your chihuahua has a collapsed trachea with an endoscopy of the trachea. This involves a small fiber-optic camera being passed down the windpipe while your dog is anesthetized. The operator watches the images to see if the windpipe narrows during certain phases of breathing.   However, endoscopy can cause problems in small dogs because the camera can take up most of the diameter of the windpipe and stop the dog from breathing. Thus, the operator can only study the windpipe for brief periods of time before the camera has to be withdrawn and more anesthetic gas given.	Take your dog to the vet. X-ray the dog’s lungs. Get your dog a fluoroscopy. Ask for an endoscopy.
You don't want a man who's just okay, do you? No! You want Mr. Right! Start by making a list of good qualities that you want in a man, differences between you that you can work out, and deal breakers - the things you just can't live with. It's fine if he likes pizza and you don't, or if you think bowling is loads of excitement and he thinks it's a drag - these are activities you can share with other friends, but they aren't fundamental to the relationship. If you are religious and he's an all out atheist, it won't work. Love shouldn't be conditional, and it makes no sense changing who you are for someone else. Guys can be tricky and if you see particular qualities in them that don't add up with your original plan, dump him! It can only lead to heartbreak in the future. Allow yourself to turn back at the first signs of a shipwreck even if you like this guy a whole lot. It will be better for you in the long run if you can be strong enough very early on to realize that the differences you've already seen will mean the relationship is doomed.; , He can say things like: "If you break up with me, you'll regret it, because no one can make you happier than me." or "If you won't have sex with me, then you don't love me as much as I love you." This person is officially a walking time bomb, and this is also a pretty good indication that he is immature and not ready for a relationship. Again, love should be unconditional. Your desire to spend a little time out with your girls one night of the month does not mean you don't love him enough. A guy who uses this phrase is someone you should run from immediately! Be your own person. "The oak tree and the cypress grow not in each other's shadow," said Khalil Gibran and, he was completely right. You have the right to remain the same person you always were, and if your man can't appreciate that, then he is not "Mr. Right." One.  Likewise, beware of being strung along with no commitment. If you met a guy this weekend in a club, and within a month or so, you guys are "together," it is likely to end just as quickly as it began. On the other hand, if you've been "talking" and going out with a guy for 6 months and he hasn't even brought up getting together, it's probably not going to happen. A guy who can't pull it together to call you his girlfriend after 6 months will probably still not be ready for marriage after 6 years!  , If you're crazy about the man, but for some reason, your alarm bells tell you he isn't as crazy about you, trust your intuition. Be direct and ask him about his feelings. Tell him you are ready to settle down with him and ask if he feels the same way about you. If he can't or won't give you a straight answer, leave. Get out of the relationships and fast! It's a woman's instinct that allows her to tell when something is wrong. It doesn't make sense being in a relationship that isn't built on trust.  If a guy speaks to you too much about his past relationships and you feel uncomfortable with it, let him know it's bothering you. If he continues to talk about his ex, especially if she dumped him, then break it off. It's obvious to you that he needs time to think about whether he is really ready to move on.  Dating is the way we decide whether this person is right for us. Women tend to view sex as a very intimate act, while men aren't nearly as warm and fuzzy about it. No matter how gorgeous or perfect he seems to be in the first two to three months, you have to remind yourself that you really haven't had a chance to know him deeply. Wait until you really know this man before you share this very intimate part of yourself with him. If, after a month or two, it turns out that, gorgeous as he is, he's not Mr. Right, it will be much easier to let him go if you haven't been sleeping with him. If he pressures you before you are ready, dump him. You need a mature man who is willing to respect your wishes on this important subject.  A man who really loves you will never disrespect you in front of others, especially early in the relationship. While gentle teasing is acceptable, ragging on your flat chest, calling attention to the fact that you've gained a few pounds, or making you the butt of his jokes should be a warning to you. A man in love will not only never disrespect you himself, but he won't stand for others saying rude things to you or about you. If you really want that knight in shining armor, don't accept a neanderthal who doesn't know how to treat a woman. This extends to his treatment of your friends> If he's calling your best friend an "ugly ho" or some other nonsense, that is disrespectful. Tell him so, and insist he behave in a respectful manner where you and your loved ones are concerned. The same goes for you - don't take advantage of him by making pointed comments about him, either. Verbal abuse is still abuse, and girls can do it to guys just as easily as guys can do it to girls.  You can tell a lot about a man by the way he treats his her, and his whole family. If he's too attached, he's a mama's boy and you'll have to deal with his mom as long as you're together. If he's dismissive or rude to her, he's going to be that way with you. If he idolizes her, beware. You will find yourself trying to live up to that goal that was set by his mother, and that is not only stressful, but impossible. It's about finding the perfect medium, a guy who looks after his mother but doesn't worship or depend on her fully - and by fully, that means things like housing, rent money, food money, car and clothes.	Know what you're looking for in a future husband and don't settle because he seems "okay.", Don't stick around with a guy who is manipulative and controlling. Beware of rushing into a relationship. Trust yourself. Communicate. Don't rush into sex. Recognize disrespect as a warning. Examine his relationship with his mother.
This is the key form you'll need to buy a firearm in New Jersey. You use it to purchase both handguns and long guns (shotguns, rifles, etc.) as long as you fully fill out both the STS-33 and the attached Handgun Purchasing Permit. You will also need some supplemental paperwork too, including:   A government issued ID, such as a passport or driver's license. A list of 2-3 references, who will fill out a questionnaire testifying that you have sound mental health and judgment. Cash or Check, usually $60, for fingerprinting.You can find an online version of the form here.; , You'll need two of these applications. It can't hurt to make a third copy to keep for your own records.   This form will suffice for any type of gun you wish to purchase. You will still need to apply to carry a handgun separately, but you can buy one for private use with this form., The STS-33 requires you put down two character witnesses, which are the names and addresses of two people who can attest that you're in good mental condition. Be sure to call them ahead of time and ask them if they will be your references, preventing any surprised or nervous behavior that could adversely affect your application.   No one likes a surprise call from the police, so give people a heads up.  This is offered by your local police municipality, either with the STS-33 or after you've already turned it in. This form allows for the state to perform mental health background check on you.   Make a copy of this as well, as 2 forms must be submitted.  You'll need to bring the originals in with you as well, but you do not want to leave them there with the police. Once you've got this together, you're ready to finish you application.  Remember that this needs to be your local municipality. When possible, it doesn't hurt to call ahead of time and run through your paperwork. Ensure that you have everything covered before you waltz into the station.Bring an extra $2.00 for each handgun permit that you intend to get. Contact your local police department about the methods of payment that they accept. Check who you need to write any checks to. Finally, confirm that these fees are correct, as they may have changed by the time you apply for a gun license.  In New Jersey, you must be fingerprinted if this is your first time applying for a gun license. If you've applied before, you may be able to skip fingerprinting. However, you must consent to be fingerprinted each time you get a pistol purchasing permit., New Jersey state law states that the police must get your application back to you within 30 days. However, this law is frequently ignored and it may take several months to receive notification if you aren't persistent.   If you have not heard about the status of your application in 30 days, call the police station you filed with. They are legally required to give you a response in 30 days.	Pick up an Application for Firearms Purchaser Identification Card, or STS-33, from your municipal police department, State Police office, or registered firearms salesperson. Complete the Application for Firearms Purchaser Identification Card and/or Handgun Purchase Permit Form and make a copy. Contact your references in advance. Complete a Consent For Mental Health Records Search form. Photocopy your driver's license and Social Security card. Bring your paperwork, license, and $65 with you to your local police station. Agree to fingerprinting at the station. Wait for your response for at least 30 days.
Maine Coon's need a lot of exercise for their health due to their big size. Some Maine Coons may have a tendency to stay on the couch during the day, so take steps to make your Maine Coon cat healthy and happy.You should provide cat perches and trees in your home so your Maine Coon can get exercise when you're not there. Maine Coons also enjoy interactive play. You should buy toys, like string or fishing pole toys, and play with your Maine Coon each day. Maine Coons are very friendly animals and will be eager to play with any household member.; , Both wet or dry food can be a healthy option for a Maine Coon or any other cat. However, there are benefits and drawbacks to each to consider before selecting a food for your cat.If you're on a budget, dry food is generally a more economical option. It also does not spoil as easily. However, it's more calorie dense than wet food and may not be great for a cat with a weight issue. Canned food is generally more expensive, but has more protein and less carbohydrates. This could be helpful for a cat with a weight issue. If your Maine Coon has any specific health concerns, talk to a vet before selecting a cat food.  Maine Coons do have a tendency to overeat if free fed.A male Maine Coon should weigh between 15 and 25 pounds while a female should weigh between 10 and 15.It's a good idea to establish a feeding schedule for your Maine Coon cat.A feeding schedule can involve portion controlled feeding. This means giving your cat a specific amount of food once or twice a day. If your Maine Coon tends to overeat, this is the best option. Some people also use timed eating. You make food available for a set amount of time and then remove it. If your Maine Coon does not tend to overeat, timed feeding may work. One pound equals roughly 0.45 kilograms.  Like all breeds, Maine Coons need regular vet visits. However, they are prone to breed specific health problems. Watch for signs and symptoms of such problems and have them promptly treated by a vet.Maine Coons are prone to hip dysplasia, which can cause lameness. Maine Coons are prone to kidney disease, which can include symptoms such as bloody urine or stools, a lack of appetite, and a lack of energy.You also may want to have Maine Coons tested for genetic diseases, such as certain heart conditions, that are difficult to detect based on symptoms. Talk to your vet about whether your Maine Coon is at risk for inheritable disorders.	Keep your Maine Coon active. Decide on dry or wet food. Stick to a feeding schedule. Watch for certain health problems.
Giving your dog a durable chew toy can mechanically remove plaque buildup on your dog’s teeth and massage your dog’s gums. As the dog chews, the friction between the teeth and the toy can remove plaque and stimulate saliva production and will help whisk away any plaque buildup.These toys will also help keep your dog entertained and will exercise the dog’s jaw.Nylon or hard rubber chew toys are safe options and are recommended for their durability. Visit your local pet store and ask an expert what toy would be appropriate for your dog.Be sure to select a safe chew toy for your dog. Avoid giving your dog a chew toy that is small enough for your dog to swallow. If your dog starts to destroy the toy, discard it so your dog does not swallow any small pieces it may have chewed off.A textured, nylon or rubber bone is a popular toy that can help remove and prevent plaque buildup. The soft nubs on the surface of the toy help to clean your dog’s teeth as it chews.; , When your dog chews on a rawhide, the friction between the treat and your dog’s teeth helps to lift plaque and minimize tartar buildup. This creates a smooth, polished surface on the tooth, which prevent plaque from clinging to your dog’s teeth.Do not give your dog real animal bones. These can file down or break your dog’s teeth and cause injury.If your dog chews aggressively, do not give it small rawhide chips or sticks. Your dog may choke on these small treats. Give aggressive chewers a larger rawhide bone instead, and monitor your dog as they chew the treat., A dental chew can help keep your dog’s teeth clean and can be a tasty treat for your dog. These treats come in a variety of shapes, such as crosses and toothbrush shapes, that help remove plaque from your dog’s teeth. They often come in a range of tasty flavors such as bacon, beef, and chicken. Mint flavors are also available to help freshen your dog’s breath. Be on the lookout for the Veterinary Oral Health's Council seal when looking for a dental treat to ensure the treat’s quality and effectiveness.   Some dental treats contain fatty acids, antioxidants, or other vitamins and nutrients that support your dog’s overall health.Dental treats can contain added sugars. Be sure to read the label and discuss the sugar content with your veterinarian. This is particularly important if you dog suffers from obesity or diabetes., Looking for signs of gum disease or other dental issues is important for your dog’s overall dental health. A routine, at-home check-up can help you keep track of any developing problems. Share your findings with your veterinarian to help prevent more serious health issues from developing.   Make sure your dog is comfortable while examining its mouth. Be gentle, speak to your dog in a calming voice, and give him praise or a treat afterward. With time and patience, your dog will get used to this examination routine. Check the symmetry of your dog’s face. Notice if there is any swelling, discharge, or growths. Gently pull back your dog’s lips and check both sides of its teeth and gums.If your dog’s gums are red, swollen, bleeding, or are sensitive to touch, your dog may have gingivitis. A yellow or brown discoloration around the gumline may be tartar buildup. Make note of chipped teeth or any bumps or masses within your dog’s mouth and discuss them with your veterinarian., Weekly brushing is an important step in keeping your dog’s mouth free from plaque and tartar accumulation. Use toothpaste and a toothbrush that are specifically designed for dogs. Place the brush inside your dog’s mouth at a 45-degree angle to its gumline, and gently move the brush across the outside surface of the dog’s teeth.   The tongue often keeps the inner surface of the dog’s teeth free from plaque, so there is no need to brush this section. Give your dog praise or a treat when you have finished brushing its teeth., A routine examination of your dog’s teeth can help stop plaque and tartar buildup. Your veterinarian will examine your dog’s teeth, gums, tongue, and tonsils, as well as the salivary glands and the lymph nodes.A routine examination can help identity the early signs of plaque or tartar buildup, periodontal disease, mouth tumors, and other mouth problems.   Talk to your veterinarian about any specific problems you have noticed with your dog’s dental health. “I have noticed that my dog’s gumline often bleeds when I exam its mouth. What can we do to address this?” Ask your veterinarian if your dog may be prone to any particular dental issues, and ask “How should I monitor that?” He or she will be able to target the issue and offer guidance for improving your dog’s dental care.  If your dog has tartar buildup, daily brushing at home will not remove it as it strongly adheres to the teeth. Although it is an expensive procedure, your veterinarian will need to remove the tartar and polish the dog’s teeth to ensure your dog’s overall health.   A blood test will determine if your dog is healthy enough for this procedure. Under anesthesia, your veterinarian will provide a full cleaning beneath the dog’s gumline, will scrape away the tartar buildup, and will finish by polishing your dog’s teeth. The final polish will help prevent future plaque and tartar accumulations.	Provide your dog with chewable toys. Give your dog a rawhide bone or chew to help remove plaque buildup. Give your dog a dental chew treat. Exam your dog’s mouth and teeth. Brush your dog’s teeth. Have your veterinarian routinely exam your dog’s teeth. Take your dog to have its teeth cleaned professionally.
Group work can encourage kids to work together, bounce ideas off of each other, and increase creativity. It’s okay if groups are moving at different paces. If one group is struggling to come up with ideas, don’t push them. Remind them of the activity and keep them on task.Encourage each child to contribute to the group without putting pressure on the children. Don’t make participation required through participation points. This can cause extreme stress for anxious and shy children., When a new topic is introduced, ask children what questions they’d like to have answered by the end of the unit. Encourage children to engage with materials and be curious about new things.For example, if you are doing a unit on the scientific process, children may ask, “When will I use this?"; "Will this help me understand science better?"; "Can I use this in other areas of my life?”  , Children love games, so make question time into play. Allow children to get excited about asking questions. Play around with asking questions. Try to solve a problem with the group by allowing them to ask questions.Some examples include, “Can you make closed questions open questions?"; "Can you make a statement into a question?"; "How can you get more information by asking a question?”  , As questions come up, the natural tendency is for the child (or other children) to provide an answer. Discourage these behaviors and encourage collaboration and generation of questions. Gently put the children back on track.Say, “We’re not to the part of answering questions, yet. We are not focused on doing anything but creating questions.”	Divide children into groups. Encourage questions around new topics. Make it fun. Discourage children from answering the questions.
Once you've found results, locate the green icon with "LimeChat - IRC Client" next to it. Click "$2.99," and the app will start installing.  Enter your billing information associated with your Apple account if you haven't already (credit card, credit card number, billing address, etc.); , You will automatically be directed to a form where you can connect to an IRC channel.   For the form, type in the description of the channel (optional, and that will make it show up on the list of channels you're connected to, instead of the channel's name), server (chat.freenode.net, irc.efnet.org, us.undernet.org, eu.undernet.org, irc.quakenet.org, uk.quakenet.org, irc.mozilla.org, or chat1.ustream.tv), nickname, encoding (which will be in effect after reconnecting), and decide if Connect on Launch will be on. Also, click on the + button next to "New Channel," and type in the name of the channel you want to join.  Click on Advanced for some more advanced features. This is for customizing your IRC server - server port, password (which is optional), and deciding whether SSL (Secure Socket Layer) will be on or off, as well as your information - username, real name, NickServ password (which is optional), deciding whether SASL Authentication will be on or off, and adding any alternative nicknames (if any).  Click on "Commands," to make a command that an IRC user can perform upon login. Just click on that option, then the "+" button next to "New Command."  The commands are as follows: /me, which is an action message of what a person is doing (for example, if your username was Adelaide_, and you wrote "/me waves hello," it would look like "Adelaide_ waves hello,"), /msg nickname (which starts a private chat), /nick to change your nickname, and many others. Remember that they always begin with a slash. , This will direct you to the IRC channel you connected to, so you should see your nickname on the list. Remember that the list of nicknames is ordered alphabetically.   Write your message in the message field at the bottom, and click on "Send" when you're done.  There are a few buttons you can click on:    Whois: This gives you information on that user's identity - their username, address, real name, channels, server, server information, away message, time when they're idle, and their sign-on.  Talk: This opens up a window to privately chat with that user. Use if you want to talk to someone privately about an issue, or just chat in private as you wish.  If another user tries to open up a private message window with you, there will be orange arrows, and you can find the PM window and click on that user's name. The orange arrows should disappear afterwards; if they don't, try again until they do.    Paste Nickname: This pastes their nickname into your message, followed by a colon. Write your message after the colon. If you're an Op of the channel, you'll get some extra buttons: Op/Deop, and Kick Out.  Just click on "Off" next to the channel name on the left, and you'll be disconnected from the channel. Another thing is, a "Disconnected" message will appear after you click on "Off," to show that you're disconnected from the channel.	Go to your device's app store and search for "LimeChat," "lime chat" or something like that. Open the app once it is finished installing (you can do this by clicking on it). Click on "Done.", Understand what you can do when you click on someone's name. Disconnect when you're done chatting.
You can make any photo that you have uploaded private as long as it is not your current profile or cover photo, or part of an album. You cannot make photos that other people have uploaded private. Open the photo so that it takes up your browser window.   You can quickly find your photos by clicking the Photos option in the Apps menu or by clicking the Photos tab on your profile. It is not possible to change the privacy settings of photos using the mobile version of the Facebook site. You can use the mobile app.; , The option to change the privacy for the photo can be found next to the date.  This will display the different privacy options for that photo.   If you're using the mobile app, tap the ⋮ button, scroll down, and select "Edit privacy."  , This will change the photo's privacy so that only you can access it.If the photo is part of an album, you'll only be able to change the privacy for the entire album. If the photo was part of a post, you'll only be able to change the privacy of the entire post. If anyone else is tagged in the photo, they'll still be able to see it. The "Only me" option will change to "Only me+." You'll need to remove their tags if you want to make the photo completely private.	Open the photo that you want to make private. Find the date in the upper-right corner. Click the Privacy button next to the date. Select "Only me."
While there are some programs that do not require formal teaching qualifications, the best positions abroad are given to people with either a teaching degree or a certification. Seeking teaching credentials in 1 of the following ways will teach you how to make lesson plans, structure a class and more.   Seek an undergraduate degree in education. Attend a college or university that trains and tests teachers. This is the best way to get an international teaching position in something other than English. People who receive degrees in science, math, literature and administrative teaching positions will be able to apply for jobs at national and international schools abroad. Seek a Teaching English as a Foreign Language (TEFL) certificate. These courses are available in class and online around the world. You will learn to teach English to people who are not native speakers, and jobs will mostly be available abroad. Through a number of different courses, you learn how to teach English abroad. Look for a program that offers TEFL and job placement assistance. Seek an English as a Second Language (ESL) or Teaching English to Speakers of Other Languages (TESOL) certification. While similar to TEFL, these certifications are often used within native English speaking countries to teach travelers and recent immigrants to speak English. If teaching English is your passion and you want to teach abroad and domestically, then this is a good option.; , An overseas teaching position will require a work visa and passport. Look for positions in countries where visas are issued to your nationality.  International schools use the British GCSE method, the American AP method and the International Baccalaureate (IB) method. Find a certification or course that addresses each system.	Become certified as a teacher. Ensure you are eligible to work in another country. Learn about the different school systems.
, Slide onto a large wooden board or platter and place on the table whole. Allow your kids to see it before carving parts off the pizza snowman!	Follow the baking instructions for your chosen dough.  , When done, remove from the heat.
This routine checkup is a great time to obtain an extra copy of your pet’s medical history ( this can save you up to $50.00 dollars at the next office). Ask your vet if they know of any special state laws or requirements that pertain to your reptile. Some states have very strict guidelines on specific reptiles and require registration and or special licenses. Although you may be swamped during your pack and move, don’t forget to keep your reptiles daily routine and feeding schedules the same until the actual move day. This regular schedule will help keep your reptile calm and secure. Reptiles are creatures of habit (no pun intended)! Also, it’s really important to have your pet accustomed to the crate, box or carrier he or she will be transported in during the move. Remember that your carrier must be large enough for the reptile to turn around in but not large enough for it to get hurt. Also, refrain from placing too many objects inside of the crate for comfort as these objects can hurt or injure your pet in transit. Having a copy of all of your pets recent medical history attached to the front of the carrier can also prevent your pet from entering any quarantined area during routine transportation inspections ( especially at border crossings between countries (USA to Canada and USA to Mexico in addition to all domestic airports). Check with the state of relocation to make sure that you’re able to have your particular species as a domesticated pet.; , Always remember that venomous reptiles should be packed in two boxes whereas non-venomous reptiles can be placed inside one sturdy box. Be sure the containers are well ventilated with proper size holes and the box is marked "Fragile” and “Live Cargo".  Some reptiles need a wet environment, so keep moist towels in the box as well to prevent dehydration if applicable. Make sure that you write your first and last name and cell number on the moving carrier.  Check with your vet, as many will loan you a professional carrier to move your reptile (just ask them for a one day loaner).  Make sure the carrier is in a safe place inside of the car and will not be crushed by other boxes. It must be properly ventilated at all times during transport. Even if it’s a short trip, bring extra food and water just in case of an emergency or traffic delay in arriving to your new place.   Airlines will take reptiles as “cargo only” and will be an expensive mode of transportation. The other issue is that they are not going to care for your pet like you care for your pet. Make sure all of your current medical records are easily accessible and attached to the front of the cage. Clearly write the type of reptile (not the crazily long and usually scary scientific name but the consumer name for your pet), required temperature, feeding times and any additional special medical needs. Include your first and last name, cell number and an alternate number in case you’re delayed in route, in addition to your home address and address of your new residence. Cover all of your basis and it’s a very good idea to have a small and cute picture of your pet taped to the front of the cage, to minimize additional interest during the course of transport.   Place the cage in a quiet room away from all the unloading and unpacking that may also add stress to your reptile.  Verify the right temperature in the cage and refresh the food and water before your pet enters. Try not to change his habitat for at least 3 weeks, until your reptile begins to act normal.	Moving Prep:  In transporting any pet, have your regular veterinarian do a routine checkup to update your pet’s health records for your own files and for your new pet doctor ( if your moving out of state). Moving Day: Depending on what type of reptile you have, there will be many different procedures based on their particular species traits. Travel by Car: Travel by car is the least stressful mode for your reptile because you can adjust the ambient temperature, time of travel, surrounding noises and have a greater variety of pet carriers to choose from for your move. Traveling by Air: Airlines transport pets everyday and this can be a good resource/option for you to investigate. Post Move:  As soon as you arrive at the new residence, settle your reptile into his/her new home/habitat to alleviate moving stress as quickly as possible.
Rinse the mung beans until the water runs clear. This will help protect you from anything which might have been in the soil, like metals and toxins, that the beans came from. It will also wash away things like mites!   Mung beans get much bigger once they sprout, so be careful not to make too much.; , Place the rinsed beans in a clean, clear bowl. If you have a sprouter, you can use that instead.  Pour enough cold water into the bowl to immerse the beans, generally around 2 to 3 times the volume of the beans on their own., After 6-12 hours (usually around 8 hours), the beans will swell. How long they have to soak will depend on the beans and the temperature of where you live.  Drain away the excess water, rinse them with cold water, and drain the water again., Place the swelled beans in a sprouting jar, covered with a cheesecloth (not with the jar lid!).  Find a place that gets little to no sunlight where the beans will not be disturbed. The bottom of a closet or pantry is a good option.  You will now have to go through a 2-5 day cycle of rinsing and draining the beans every 12 hours and replacing them in the dark spot. How long you wait depends on how sprouted you want your beans to be.  When you see your beans sprouted to the length you desire, they're ready to eat! Enjoy!	Rinse the beans. Place the beans in a clear bowl. Add the water. Soak for 6-12 hours. Drain and rinse the beans. Place in a jar. Put in a cool, dry, dark place. Wait. Done!
Certain breeds are more challenging to own, and better left to experienced bird owners. Parrots such as budgies and cockatiels are best for beginners; Cockatoos, Amazons, and Macaws are better for advanced parrot owners.If you’re just interested in parrots but not ready to own one, consider fostering for a rescue group before purchasing a parrot, as they can live for sixty or more years.; , You should also consider how comfortable you are with large parrots; some people are intimidated by Conures (which can reach 2 feet), and others can handle any Macaw (which can surpass 3 feet).Try going to a bird store or rescue to handle parrots of different species and judge how comfortable you are with various birds. If you’re looking for a smaller breed, a parakeet or cockatiel may be more appropriate. Larger parrots can also make more noise; if you live in a small apartment, a large Cockatoo is hardly going to make your neighbors—or landlord—happy. Additionally, consider how a large bird will affect your life: is your roommate or girlfriend going to be happy with sharing you with a loud, protective parrot?  , Although there are exceptions, larger parrots generally live longer than smaller parrots.Smaller parrots are better choices for beginning parrot owners, while larger parrots are usually more demanding and better for experienced parrot owners.   Amazons may live up to 50 years, while Cockatoos and Macaws can live to be 80. On the other end of the spectrum, the average lifespan of a Budgie is 8 years, and parakeets live from 12-18 years., Parrots can wisely vary in their vocal range; some are quite loud, while others squawk less.Smaller, quieter birds—such as parakeets or cockatiels—are more suited to living in a smaller apartment., Large parrots are more social birds and only appropriate if you’re prepared to commit a large amount of time to your parrot (at least 60 minutes a day).If you’d prefer to just watch your parrot and dedicate a smaller amount of time to caring for it, a better fit would be a pair of budgies or Lovebirds. Ask yourself: Are you or another family member home most of the time, or is your family constantly on the go? If you work full time and are seldom home, a parrot isn’t an appropriate pet.  Parrots are expensive pets. Large parrots especially are expensive to buy, and more often than not even more expensive to care for. Just like you would with a dog, you have to take your parrot to a vet every year for a “bird wellness check.” Decide on how much you’re prepared to spend on the parrot, and then consider which parrots would fit your budget.   You’ll also have to spend more on a cage the larger the parrot is, and it can be more expensive to hire a business or person to care for a large parrot while you’re traveling.  Although parrots make excellent pets on their own, they do not always get along with other pets. Large parrots such as Macaws can be territorial and defensive, and may attack smaller pets.   Large parrots such as Macaws and Amazons—and even smaller parrots like Conures—are a big time commitment. Parrots generally do not socialize well with cats. If you bring home a young parrot and another pet (e.g. a dog) at roughly the same time, the two pets will grow up together. This will increase their likelihood of getting along socially, as the two pets will be very comfortable around each other.In addition to social factors, time is an issue. Parrots need frequent socialization and maintenance, and are time-intensive pets. If you already own several other pets, a parrot may be too much of a time commitment.  Like buying any other type of pet, there is no objective ruling on which individual parrot (e.g. one out of fifteen cockatoos) will make the best pet.Rather, see which individual bird interests you the most. When selecting your pet, you should:   Make sure you understand the adult behavior of the breed you’re looking at. Some cute, quiet juvenile parrots may grow up into loud, abrasive parrots.Spend time—about 30 minutes—watching the birds. See which birds seem more social, active, and engaged. Consider choosing one of these, as these birds will make more fun, interesting pets. Decide which bird appeals most to you, by looking at its plumage and watching its behavior. Choose a parrot that you find visually appealing and whose personality you will enjoy living with for years., The owner will have spent substantial time with the birds in the store, and should be able to give you advice about which bird(s) will make good pets. It’s especially important to talk to the owner if you are a first-time parrot owner.   The location of a pet store itself may influence the type of parrot that you purchase. If you live in a large metropolitan area, you can likely find any breed you like—otherwise, you will be limited by local availability. Ask the owner if any of the parrots have been showing signs of lethargy or illness. Do not choose one of these birds as a pet.  You should feed your parrot once a day, and provide parrot pellets or “parrot mix,” available from your local pet shop.Since parrots are tropical birds, you should also provide a selection of fruits and vegetables each day.   A poor or inadequate diet is a common cause for illness in parrots. By making sure your parrot receives the nutrition it needs, you’ll keep it in good health and save on future vet bills.Parrots can eat nearly all foods that are commonly consumed by humans, including:Cooked meat and fish. Peanuts and cheese. Do not give your bird chocolate or avocado; both are poisonous to them.  The cage is a major purchase (in both expense and importance) and should be planned ahead of time. Buy your parrot as spacious of a cage as possible, and remember that a simpler cage will be easier to clean.Cover the bottom of the cage with shredded newspaper—this is easily replaceable, cheap, and can be changed frequently., The location of the parrot cage is important. Do not place it near doors, as the bird may escape. Also avoid housing your parrot cage in the kitchen; cooking fumes can be fatal to your parrot.Although you will need to take your parrot out of its cage to socialize it, do not leave the bird unattended out of the cage. Parrots have powerful beaks, and can destroy furniture, drapes, etc.	Consider your experience with parrots. Plan for the size of the parrot. Plan to accommodate the lifespan of a parrot. Decide if you want a more or less vocal bird. Decide how much time you have to commit to a parrot. Appraise the size of your budget. Accommodate other pets that you already own. Choose an individual parrot. Ask the pet-store owner about the individual birds. Prepare for your parrot’s diet. Purchase an appropriate cage for your parrot. Hang the cage in your apartment or house.
You can purchase different types of cat tunnels. Crinkle cat tunnels are one type of popular cat tunnels. They make noises as the cat walks, which some cats like and respond to. Some cat tunnels can be connected to other tunnels at the end, and you can buy Y and T shaped pieces to create an intricate network for your cat.Some cat tunnels have dangling toys at one end and holes in the top. Others have soft sides instead of crinkling ones.; , Paper bags make a great base for cat tunnels. Gather a few paper bags. Cut out the bottoms so the bag is open on both sides. Take the edges and fold them back around one inch to help keep the shape.Place the ends of the bags against one another and tape them together to make a cat tunnel.  Box tunnels are another great thing you can make your cat yourself. If you have a long box, you can just use it. Make sure both ends are open. Cut the flaps off each end so the openings stay unobscured.For small cats, you can leave the top flap so your cat feels more secure in the box. If you don’t have one long box, find multiple boxes of similar sizes. Cut off the flaps and tape the boxes together for a long cat tunnel. You can also use the flaps to tape the boxes together.  Since the cat tunnels are supposed to help the cat venture through the house, use the tunnels to guide the cat to the things they need. Place a few tunnels leading the way to the litter box and another set of tunnels leading to the food.The tunnels will help the cat feel more confident and hopefully soon they will be able to go to these areas on their own.  Many cats are afraid of open spaces. They may hide in closets or stay under furniture. They only like to walk around the edge of the room, where they are protected by the wall and furniture. To help the cat get out in the open, put a cat tunnel in the middle of the room.Once the cat takes the the tunnel, they will use it to to cross through the open space in the room. The tunnel provides them a safe environment. Once they start venturing out from along the wall into the tunnel, they will hopefully realize that the middle of the room is a safe space for them.  Tunnels can also be fun for your cat when you play with them. The tunnels can also help nervous or scared cats feel more comfortable and secure when playing. Try placing a toy at the end of the tunnel and wait for your cat to get comfortable and move towards it.For confident cats, you can place a toy near the opening of a cat tunnel and let them use the tunnel for a surprise attack on the toy.  Instead of using a toy, you can get down on the floor to play with your cat in the tunnel. Get at one end of the tunnel and call the cat to you. You can also hide outside the tunnel and play peek-a-boo with the cat., Some cat tunnels are made of netting or another transparent material so your cat can enjoy the sunshine and fresh air. These outdoor tunnels have covers on the ends that you can close to keep the cat safely inside the tunnel so they can’t run away.  Some cats immediately love cat tunnels. Others will not like it immediately. They may see the strange object as something suspicious. To help a reluctant cat use the cat tunnel, put a favorite toy or some treats into the tunnel.After a few hours, put the tunnel up if the cat hasn’t started using it and try again later. You may also want to make sure the tunnel is secure and won’t roll around. That may scare some cats. To secure the tunnel, you can place it between two pieces of furniture or two heavier objects that will keep it in place and stop it from rolling around as the cat walks through it.  Tunnels are a helpful way to get scared, new, and unconfident cats to leave their comfort zone. To help your cat get used to moving beyond the bedroom or under the sofa, place the tunnels near where your cat spends their time., Cat tunnels are easily collapsible, which means they can be moved or put away whenever you want. If you have a small space or you don’t want the cat tunnel in the floor all the time, you can put it up until you are ready to let your cat use it.	Buy tunnels. Make cat tunnels with paper bags. Create a box tunnel. Use tunnels to guide your cat to their necessities. Place a cat tunnel in the center of the room. Dangle a toy in front of the tunnel. Interact with your cat in the tunnel during play sessions. Use cat tunnels outside. Let your cat get used to the tunnel. Try cat tunnels for scared or less confident cats. Use the tunnel when you want to.
You can only use two words. No proper nouns. They have to be real words. Proper spellings only (you might want to check your phrase on Word or something before whacking) The words must appear in Google's dictionary (if they do, then they'll be underlined in blue at the top of the page after you search) No putting quotes around the words. Google gives you a little blurb of the page that the words came up on. If it's just a list of words that the two happen to appear in, then that page doesn't count.; ,,,	First of all, some rules. Go to Google.  , Enter a two word phrase of your choice.  ,See how many hits come up!
Don't worry about the progress you've made in Sims 3. Most will be saved and all not saved can be done again. After all, why even play it if it's not fun to do this stuff?; , Do not put up any Internet tabs before you go on without closing them. Too many tabs up at a time could make your computer unresponsive. , Bringing it down and up too much can make it glitch up and freeze.  Restarting it too much when it freezes could close down some important things like Anti-virus programs and firewalls.  If you use Internet Explorer, switch to Internet Explorer 9.	Restart your computer. Once your computer is restarted, go back on Sims 3. Once you're back up and playing again, try to avoid getting too many members in the family.  , Don't minimize the Sims 3 tab to go on other tabs. Do not try restarting your computer too many times. Try upgrading your Internet browser.If all else fails, try consulting a computer and electronics professional
Common underlying conditions include thyroid disease and gynecological issues like polycystic ovary syndrome. The treatment for these conditions will be discussed in the following steps.  The thyroid gland produces hormones that alter the metabolic process in your body. This can affect your menstrual cycle. If you have hyperthyroidism, treatment may include targeting the thyroid tissues by taking medication to slow down thyroid hormone production. If you have hypothyroidism, your periods may be longer and be heavier. Hypothyroidism is treated with thyroid hormone replacement. Your physician may request diagnostic work-ups to determine the drugs that will work best for you.   The most commonly available anti-thyroid drugs are methimazole and propylthiouracil (PTU). Methimazole is often the drug of choice for its low incidence of medical side effects and is generally prescribed at 15 to 30 mg a day.Hypothyroidism is treated with daily use of the synthetic thyroid hormone levothyroxine (Levothroid, Synthroid)., Common symptoms of PCOS include light, irregular periods or none at all due to the unbalanced production of reproductive hormones. Oftentimes, ovulation does not take place in PCOS patients. The treatment goal focuses on the restoration of hormonal balance by giving birth control pills or oral contraceptives to trigger menstruation.   If you are overweight and have PCOS, losing weight is an essential part of treatment. The pill comes in a pack with 21 estrogen and progesterone hormone tablets and seven placebo pills.  Extreme weight loss as a result of disease or improper diet and excessive exercise may upset the balance of hormones, thereby causing irregular periods. In the same manner, rapid weight gain and stress also alters the normal hormonal processes within the body. A low body mass index or any kind of nutritional deficiencies require nutrition counseling sessions.   Ideal weight loss or gain should not go beyond 2 kilograms a month or 4.4 pounds. Note that 1 pound is equivalent to 3,500 calories or 500 calories per day for seven days. When you plan to lose weight, do not go below a 1,200 calorie-diet, otherwise, it will trigger hormonal chaos in your body. On the other hand, if you plan to gain weight, limit your calorie intake to no more than 500 calories more than your ideal caloric requirement.	Ask your doctor about underlying medical conditions as a potential cause. Treat thyroid disorder. Treat polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Combat extreme weight loss.
Getting familiar with the types of hyperpigmentation will help you determine the right course of treatment and give you ideas for lifestyle changes you can make to prevent further discoloration from occurring. Understand that hyperpigmentation does not only occur on your face. Here are the three types of hyperpigmentation:Melasma. This type of hyperpigmentation is caused by hormonal fluctuations, and is a normal occurrence during pregnancy. It can also occur as a result of thyroid dysfunction and as a side effect of taking birth control pills or hormone therapy medication. This is a difficult type of hyperpigmentation to treat.  Lentigines. These are also known as liver spots or age spots. They are found on 90% of people over the age of 60, and are caused but exposure to UV rays.  Post-inflammatory hyperpigmentation (PIH). This is caused by skin injury such as psoriasis, burns, acne, and some skin care treatments. It usually goes away as the skin regenerates and heals.; , See a dermatologist to find out what type of hyperpigmentation is affecting your skin. After asking you questions about your lifestyle and medical history, your skin will be examined using a magnifying lamp. Expect your dermatologist to ask the following questions to help determine what type of hyperpigmentation you have:   How frequently do you use a tanning bed? How often do you use sunscreen? What is your level of sun exposure? What are your current and past medical conditions? Are you or have you recently been pregnant? Are you or have you recently taken birth control or done hormone replacement therapy? What medications are you taking? What plastic surgery or professional skin treatments have you undergone? Did you wear sun screen or UV protection in your youth?  , Topical applications containing alpha hydroxy acids (AHAs) and retinoids, which exfoliate and rejuvenate the skin, are helpful in treating hyperpigmentation of all types. The following types of topical applications are available:    Hydroquinone. This topical application is the most commonly used, and it's the only skin lightening treatment approved by the FDA.  Kojic acid. This acid is derived from a fungus and works similarly to hydroquinone.  Azelaic acid. Developed to treat acne, this has been found to be an effective treatment for hyperpigmentation as well.  Mandelic acid. Derived from almonds, this type of acid is used to treat all types of hyperpigmentation.  If topical treatments don't work, your dermatologist might recommend getting a procedure done to target your hyperpigmentation. Available procedures include the following:Skin peels, including salicylic acid peels, to treat darkened skin areas. Skin peels are used when topical therapy fails. IPL (Intense Pulsed Light) therapy. These target selective dark spots only. IPL devices are used under strict supervision under a trained physician. Laser skin resurfacing.  This is a very popular option among people with hyperpigmentation. Seek an experienced practitioner; abrading the skin can cause irritation, making the discoloration worse. Microdermabrasion should not be done too often, as your skin needs time to heal between treatments.  If you want to treat hyperpigmentation without getting a prescription, look for these over-the-counter options:   Skin lightening creams. These works by slowing down melanin production and removing existing melanin from the skin. Look for products that contain a combination of these ingredients: cysteamine, hydroquinone, soy milk, cucumber, kojic acid, calcium, azelaic acid, or arbutin. A topical treatment that contains Retin-A or alpha-hydroxy acids.  Apply any of the following topically to help to lighten dark areas of the skin:   Rose hip oil Sliced, pureed or the juice of cucumber Lemon juice Aloe Vera  , Exposure to UV rays is one of the most common causes of hyperpigmentation. While limiting exposure will do nothing to affect hyperpigmentation you already have it can help prevent further discoloration.   Always wear sunscreen. In strong, direct sun, wear a hat and long sleeves. Don't use tanning beds. Limit your time outside and don't sunbathe.  In many cases you won't be able to stop taking a medication just because it causes hyperpigmentation. Hyperpigmentation is a common side effect of birth control and other medication containing hormones. If switching to a new medication or ceasing to take it is an option, it's something to consider.  Hyperpigmentation can result from trauma to the skin, which can be caused by plastic surgery and other professional skin treatments. Be sure to do thorough research before opting to get plastic surgery. Make sure your doctor or practitioner is highly experienced.	Know the different types of hyperpigmentation. Discuss your condition with a dermatologist. Get a prescription for a topical application. Consider getting a nonablative professional procedure. Visit a salon for a microdermabrasion treatment. Treat hyperpigmentation using over-the-counter medications. Try a home remedy. Limit your exposure to UV rays. Consider your medications. Be wary of professional skin treatments.
