A shy girl won't just flirt with anyone, so you can be sure she is interested in you if you see that she tries to flirt back. She may flirt back by making more frequent eye contact, liking your statuses on social media, initiating small talk, or displaying flirty body language cues., Somebody who is shy may need reinforcement that you are serious about pursuing them. What you want to do is send her multiple consistent signals so that she is sure that you are flirting with her.   If you said hi to her yesterday, say hi to her today. If you smiled at her when you crossed paths in the cafeteria, smile at her again so that she doesn’t think you were just being polite. Try to make eye contact multiple times. She will get your hints if you repeat them a few times.  It may take her time, like a few weeks or even a month or two, to warm up to the idea of flirting or being flirted with. She may take longer to recognize and acknowledge your cues.   Set an amount of time you're willing to try to break the ice. For example, tell yourself that if after two months of you flirting with her you are still not spending more time with each other, you will either move on or try a more direct flirting technique.  If you notice that she’s not responding to your body language cues, try flirting with her via text or social media. She may be less comfortable with or less used to in-person conversations than with replying through Facebook Messenger. Use texting as a way for her to get used to making small talk and having conversations with you. This way, she might open up in person as she becomes more comfortable with you over time.  See how she reacts to your different flirting methods. She may totally shut down when you try to hold eye contact but be talkative when you ask her a question about her hobbies. The goal is to be flexible and cater your flirting style to her comfort zone. You can then gradually move communication to a more mutual ground.  If she’s interested and receptive to your body language cues, she will likely respond with open body language. She may also get nervous around you and blush or stammer, both of which could mean that she’s into you. If she is nervous because she likes you, she might tease you or throw a joke into the conversation.   If she doesn’t like you, you will see her become uncomfortable with your gestures. Her body language will be closed, she might not make eye contact, and she might be even quieter than usual.	Notice whether she flirts back. Be consistent. Give her time. Flirt via text message or social media. Vary your flirting style. Identify whether she likes you or not.
Left handed golfers can achieve a good grip on the club by reversing these instructions so they are mirrored. For example, instead of starting off holding the club with your left hand, you would instead take the club in your right hand., Rate the strength of your grip from 1 - 10, with one being your weakest grip and 10 being your strongest. The kind of grip you should generally use when holding your club at about a 5 or 5½.Don't grip the golf club too tightly. You should hold it like a firm handshake. A tighter grip doesn't make a more powerful shot, it will only restrict your ability to take a full swing.  A slight bend or angle will drastically affect your swing, especially on long shots and putts. When putting, even small deviations will be increased by irregularities in the terrain and can cost you strokes.   When holding a putter, make sure your forearms and the shaft of the club form a straight line towards the ground.	Mirror right handed form if you are left handed. Rate and adjust your grip strength. Maintain clean, straight angles in your form.
The real trick to losing weight is to rein in your hunger. The easiest way to do that is to eat more often. Eat smaller meals more frequently and you will find that you eat less food overall. It also makes it easier to eat healthier foods.; , Eat slowly when you do eat your meals and snacks. This will give your body time to process the food and let you know when you’re full more accurately. Try taking half an hour to eat, rather than fifteen minutes, for example.  We often eat not because we are hungry but because we are bored or feel like we should be eating. Develop a habit of analyzing your hunger. If you aren’t hungry, or it isn’t a proper mealtime, try drinking tea or coffee (no milk or sugar). This will give your stomach something to work with but contains few calories.	Eat more frequently. Eat slowly. Drink tea or black coffee between meals.
Using a workbook can be helpful for working through problems with anger. Workbooks help you work through feelings and gain coping strategies by using writing exercises. The goal of a workbook is to help you reflect on your thoughts and actions and move toward more helpful strategies to deal with anger.   You may want to browse online or in a local bookstore to find an anger workbook. Find one that you feel you can keep up with and engage in regularly. Check your local library for books or videos. The Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) also has a book that is available online: http://www.veterantraining.va.gov/aims/media/AngerManagementWorkbook-508.pdf   , If you constantly feel “wound up” or ready to explode, start using a daily relaxation practice. Actively include relaxation as a part of every day, as much as brushing your teeth or eating food. When you purposefully relax each day, it can help you release any building pressure and help you gain control.Some activities you can try include yoga, meditation, qi gong, or progressive muscle relaxation. You may wish to ask a friend or family member to engage in relaxation exercises with you. This can help keep you accountable and motivate you to relax each day together.  Exercise can help you release energy and cool down. In addition to helping relieve stress, exercise can boost your mood and create emotional and physical benefits for you. If you feel like a situation might trigger your anger, exercising beforehand can help level your mood.Try going for a walk, joining a class at your local gym, or try a new hobby, like hiking, rock climbing, or biking. When you exercise, remove your focus from anger and focus on your body’s sensations. Turn your attention to your breathing or to the movement in your muscles. Tuning into your body can make you more present in the moment.  Sometimes anger can result from miscommunication or misunderstandings. You might jump to conclusions that may be inaccurate or misinformed. Learn to abate your defensiveness and think through your words before you say them. If you want to yell or get upset, let the other person finish talking or make sure you have a clear understanding of the situation before responding.Practice listening more and reacting less.   For more information, check out How to Improve Verbal Communication Skills.	Buy an anger workbook. Add relaxation to your life. Exercise. Improve communication.
Products from food and daily care items to books and entertainment items require resources to make, taking away from biodiversity. Anytime one resource is consumed or produced, it can affect the ecosystem of the area in various ways, such as by destroying the natural habitat (for plowed fields), polluting the area (oil spills), and reducing natural resources (trees for paper), all of which can decrease the biodiversity of an area. By consuming less, you affect the environment less., While organic produce and foods still require the use of natural resources, they are less destructive since they are not polluting the environment with pesticides. Also, pesticides kill off insects, which can destroy whole species over time., While the main focus of fair trade is to ensure producers in other countries are being paid fairly, it also helps to protect local ecosystems, partially by encouraging sustainable farming. Look for the "Fair Trade" label on products., Like products and food, the retrieval of energy affects ecosystems, such as off-shore drilling than can disturb wildlife and create oil spills. You can use less energy by turning off lights and electronics when they're not in use, running the dishwasher and washing machine only when they are full, using the car less, and not running the air conditioner and heater as much.   You can replace older appliances for more energy efficient ones--look for the "Energy Star" label.You can also keep appliances more efficient by maintaining them properly and replacing things like filters as needed. Solar panels are another way to reduce your overall dependence on non-renewable energy sources. You can have them installed on your roof or in your backyard to provide your home with electricity. In addition to using less resources, using less energy helps to reduce emissions. Emissions contribute to climate change, which can harm biodiversity as ecosystems change. Carpool or ride public transportation to work to cut down on energy use., Labels like "Green Seal Certified," "FSC" (Forest Stewardship Council), "LEED Certified," "Rain Forrest Alliance Certified," and "Marine Stewardship Council" indicate the producer's dedication to sustainability., If you don't know the origin of these products, buying them while on vacation, especially in other countries, can encourage continued poaching., Non-native species can be invasive and crowd out native species, decreasing their population. In addition, the non-native species can be spread to other areas through wind and animals.As an added bonus, planting native species means the plants will grow better in your area. If you're in an arid or hot climate, you will not need to water native species as much. Another option for your backyard is to create a landscape that can be a "Certified Wildlife Habitat," as laid out by the National Wildlife Foundation. Essentially, you would be creating an environment conducive to animals raising their young in your backyard., Both of these can harm wildlife, decreasing biodiversity., Reusing resources helps protect natural resources, which as noted above, helps protect biodiversity. It also keeps trash out of landfills, which can harm environments through leaching and overspill. Anything that harms the environment and ecosystems harms biodiversity. Most communities have recycling programs, including curb-side recycling. You separate out the recyclables from other trash and put them in a separate bin. In most places, you can recycle paper and cardboard, plastics, cans and other metals, and glass. While most recycling programs don't take styrofoam, other places do. For instance, Goodwill takes styrofoam in most communities.   To recycle, lightly clean out items before putting them in the recycle bin. Some places will require you to separate out different types of recycling into separate bins. You can also create a compost pile to help with waste. A compost pile or bin turns organic material into fertilizer you can use in your garden. You can add shredded sticks, leaves, and grass clippings from the yard, as well as fruit and vegetable scraps from the kitchen. Create a pile for the waste. Always bury the scraps underneath the other compost, and add moisture if you're adding dry materials.You can also recycle computer components. Computers use precious metals, and if they are thrown away, they can release chemicals into the environment from landfills, harming habitats. Most towns have places that will recycle computer parts, though you will usually need to take them in yourself., Products like cleaning chemicals, pesticides, paint, and batteries can leach from landfills into water supplies. Use less harmful supplies, and make use of your community's hazardous waste collection.	Don't consume as much. Eat organic. Buy fair trade products. Use less energy. Look for other sustainable labels when purchasing products. Avoid souvenirs made from bone, fur, or leather. Plant native species in your garden. Don't litter or pollute. Recycle. Separate hazardous waste out of your trash.
You can find Kandelec’s original image, which you’ve no doubt already seen, quite easily by doing a Google search. Use the search term “sunglass nails” and it will be the first image that pops up. Save the image to your phone. Visit a nail technician, show them the image and ask them to help you recreate the look.  Suggest chrome pigments, metallic enamels and nail decals as possibilities.Definitely ask the technician if they have any running theories on how to create the sunglass look.You can always print the image out, but your phone will capture the multi-tonal color effect better.  Because the sunglass nail trend is so popular, many polish companies have started releasing color shifting nail polish, which can very closely approximate the look. Prices can vary wildly, so shop around – some brands are being sold at very high prices. Buy a few bottles and give them a try.  For best results, apply three coats of the multi-chrome polish by itself or one coat over a black base color.Check your local beauty supply stores frequently, as well. They’ve no doubt heard of this trend and are stocking up on polishes that can create the sunglass look.  These approaches won’t give you the sunglass nail look, but you can create the same type of vibe by using these products. Experiment and try a few different techniques. Have fun with it. You won’t recreate the sunglass look exactly, but you’ll end up with some colorful, metallic looks and learn a lot about how to mix polishes to create new effects. You never know, you may invent a new trend yourself!	Take an image of the sunglass trend to a nail technician. Look for new multi-chrome color shifting nail polishes online. Experiment with a variety of glitter, metallic and iridescent polishes.
If you've retained copies of your tax returns, you can simply make copies of the requested years to submit to the agency or lender.   If you have an accountant, or use tax preparation service, you also may be able to get copies of the tax returns you need through them. The IRS recommends you keep your tax returns and related records at least three years from the date in which you filed.Typically your tax return must show the same first and last name as the name for which you're applying for a loan or benefits. If you've changed your name in the past few years, such as because of a recent marriage or divorce, you may need to provide additional proof of that name change.; , If you don't have copies of your tax returns in your own records, you can order copies from the IRS.   You can order a transcript for returns from the current year or the past three years by using the "Order a Transcript" tool on the IRS's website, or by calling 800-908-9946. The transcript shows most line items on your return including any forms or schedules you filed that year.If you order online or over the phone, you generally can expect to receive your transcripts within 10 days.If the agency or lender requires an actual copy of a filed and processed tax return, you must fill out Form 4506, "Request for Copy of Tax Return," and mail it to the appropriate address on the form along with a $57 fee for each tax year you request., Once you've collected the correct tax returns, mark the information the agency or lender needs to know so they can find it easily.   Particularly if you are self-employed, your tax returns will be many pages long. It may be helpful for the agency or lender to mark the items they will need to check to verify your income. Keep in mind that if you've maximized your allowable deductions to decrease your taxable income, that resulting net income may not present the best picture for mortgage lenders who are trying to determine whether you have the ability to make monthly mortgage payments. If you're showing a net loss for several years, you might consider using an alternate method to prove your income. Typically a landlord or lender will want to see tax returns for the past two years. If you combine your total income across those years and average it out, you'll have your average net revenue. Dividing that same figure by 24 shows your average monthly earnings. Particularly if your income is erratic, this number can be more helpful in proving that you have the income to pay the monthly rent or mortgage payment., Even if you don't have W-2s, 1099s can show the income you received from various clients or income sources throughout the year.   These documents also might be helpful to include if you filed a joint tax return but only need your income verified. Other tax forms a lender or agency might need to see to verify your income include your Schedule C, which documents profit or loss from a business, and Schedule E, which is used to report other types of income such as rental real estate and royalties.	Copy tax returns from your own records. Order past tax returns from the IRS. Highlight your income amounts. Include other relevant tax documents such as 1099s.
Make sure your back is completely flat. Push your body weight against your back as you move your feet 2 feet (0.6 m) away from the wall at shoulder-width apart.  Slide down the wall and bend your knees. Stop when your thighs are at a 90 degree angle with your shins.  If your knees go past your shins as you move into the squat position, move your feet further away from the wall and start again.  Breathe steadily in and out. Slowly rise out of the position when you are done.  Work in small increments towards holding the position for 1 minute.	Lean against a wall. Flex your core muscles. Make sure to keep the weight on your heels. Hold your squat position for 10 to 30 seconds. Rest for 30 seconds and repeat the exercise 2 to 3 times.
Add 2 tablespoons (30 ml) of olive oil to a large sauté pan or pot. Allow the oil to heat over medium-high heat until it begins to shimmer, which should take approximately 3 to 5 minutes.Choose a pan or pot that holds at least 5 quarts (4.7 l).; , Add ½ pound (227 g) of lean ground beef to the pan. Crumble the meat with a wooden spoon, and let it cook for about 6 minutes, or until it browns and is no longer pink.You can substitute ground turkey or chicken for the beef if you prefer. If you like, you can also add ½ pound (227 g) of Italian sausage with the casings removed in with the ground beef.  Add 4 minced garlic cloves, 1 tablespoon (5 g) of dried oregano, and ¼ teaspoon (½ g) of crushed red pepper flakes into the pan. Stir well to incorporate the spices, and allow the mixture to cook for 1 minute.You can adjust the amount of red pepper flakes based on your preference. If you like a spicy spaghetti sauce, mix in a little more. If you prefer a milder taste, you can add just a pinch or omit it entirely.  Add 1 ¼ cup (296 ml) of dry red wine to the pan. Mix well, and use the wooden spoon to scrape any browned bits of meat from the bottom of the pan.If you don’t like to cook with wine or don’t have any on hand, you can substitute a mixture of ¼ cup (59 ml) of red wine vinegar, ½ cup (118 ml) apple juice, and ½ cup (118 ml) water for the wine.  Stir in a 28-ounce (794 g) can of crushed tomatoes, 2 tablespoons (28 g) of tomato paste, and kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste. Mix well so all of the ingredients are fully combined., Allow the tomato, paste, and sauce mixture to come to a boil. When it begins to boil, reduce the heat to low and let it simmer for approximately 10 minutes.For the best results, cover the pan while you’re simmering the sauce.  Add ¼ teaspoon (½ g) of ground nutmeg, ¼ cup (5 g) of chopped fresh basil leaves, and ¼ cup (59 ml) heavy cream. Use a whisk to mix the ingredients into the sauce so they’re fully incorporated and simmer the sauce for another 5 to 10 minutes, or until it thickens.Stir the sauce occasionally while you simmer it.  Remove the sauce from the heat when it's done simmering. Add the cooked pasta of your choice directly to the pan, and toss the two together until the pasta is fully coated. Place the pasta in bowls and serve while it’s still warm.A pound (454 g) of cooked pasta is usually the appropriate amount to add to the sauce. Top the pasta and sauce with grated Parmesan cheese and chopped basil if desired.	Heat the oil. Cook the ground beef until it’s browned. Mix in the garlic, oregano, and red pepper flakes. Stir in the wine and deglaze the pan. Add the tomatoes, tomato paste, tomato sauce, salt, and pepper. Bring the mixture to a boil and simmer it for 10 minutes. Whisk in the nutmeg, basil, and heavy cream. Toss the sauce with cooked pasta and serve.
Most people find it much easier to write upside down English from right to left, instead of left to right.This results in texts that looks normal if you turn the page upside-down. However, if you're right-handed, the right-to-left method can lead to smudging or discomfort. You can try writing sideways or at an angle instead, but this is more difficult to learn., Teach yourself to write upside down the same way you learned to write regularly - by tracing the letters repeatedly and putting in lots of practice. Keep working on this, and you'll see your upside down penmanship improve.   Try practicing individual letters first. Once you have them down to muscle memory, start stringing them together in words and sentences. Move on to cursive if you're ambitious!  , Take writing upside down one step further with a small hand mirror. Hold the mirror at a 90-degree angle to the paper, facing you. Now try writing such that your words are legible in the mirror. Your text will be not only upside down, but backwards, and will require a mirror to read easily.	Choose a direction. Practice. Make a mirror code.
This is the most important point. Just think to yourself "I am going to beat this defender," and it will come. You can beat them. Have faith in yourself, and never think for one second that you are going to fail.   Remember that no two defenders are the same, and no two situations are the same. You may have messed up once, but that doesn't mean that you'll mess up again. Focus all of your energy and attention on the moment at hand. You will play more effectively and more smoothly if you aren't up in your head. Be present.; , If you fail to pass the defender, it won't be the end of the world. It will just be one mistake, and nothing permanent. You can always bounce back. You can hustle back down the field, give 110%, and redeem yourself by recovering the ball. Your teammates won't hate you for trying to win the game – more likely, they'll support your spirit.   If you are getting a lot of negative feedback for your mistakes, consider talking to someone about it. No one should be heckling you for trying your best. Talk to a coach, a parent, or a team captain, and ask them to help you put a stop to it., Try and try again, even if you keep losing the ball. The more you keep trying, the more likely it is that you will succeed. With enough persistence and dedication, you can accomplish almost anything.   You don't need to try again right away. If the game is tight, don't keep throwing yourself at a tough defender. Be humble, and pass the ball away., You may not be certain that you can pass this defender, but you will regret it if you don't try. Life is dangerous, and fear is natural – but human beings define themselves by how they act in the face of fear. Even if you are never the star player on your team, you can be the sort of player who gives as much as he/she can in every single play.	Get into the right mindset. Be realistic about the consequences. Don't give up. Be bold.
This pretty low bun looks great with a side part. If you're doing your hair for a formal evening event, a deeper part (further to the side) looks elegant. Run the tip of a comb along your part to make it straight., This step is optional if you're not in the mood to go all out. However, if you tease or curl your hair, it will take your messy low bun up a few notches. Lift the top layer of your hair and backcomb it toward the roots to add volume and texture. Alternately, use a curling iron to curl the top layer of your hair so it won't be completely smooth.          Of course, if your hair is naturally curly and voluminous, this step is completely unnecessary; your bun will look beautifully messy on its own.  Position it at the nape of your neck or slightly higher up, according to your preference. You could even position it on the side, just under one of your ears. For now, don't make a tight ponytail; just wrap the ponytail around your hair one time.  Twist the hairband and pull it over your ponytail, but this time don't pull the hair all the way through. Stop pulling before your ends are all the way through the hairband. Leave several inches of the ends of your hair sticking out. You should now have a simple looped bun.          If the ponytail seems loose, use a second ponytail to ensure the looped bun stays securely in place. While the look should be messy, you don't want it to be so loose it falls out.  You want to add some volume to the look by pulling up the top and sides of your hair so it doesn't lie flat against your head. this will help the look go from "sleek" to "messy." Check out your hair in the mirror, and pull out a few strands from around your temples, too.  Take the ends that are still sticking out of your bun and wrap them around the hairband to hide it from view. Use bobby pins to secure the hair in place.  This will let your hair move while also keeping it from falling out.	Part your hair on one side. Tease or curl your hair. Gather your hair into a low ponytail. Use your hairband to create a looped bun. Gently lift the top and sides of your hair. Wrap the ends of your hair around the hairband. Use medium-hold hairspray to finish the look.
Wipe out any debris with a clean soft cloth. You can add a few drops of an ear cleaner that is safe for cats or a few drops of baby oil or olive oil. Do not drench the cloth as you don’t want the cleaner or oil to run down into your rabbit's ear.Do not use cotton swabs to clean out your rabbit's ears. These can go too far down your rabbit's ear canal and injure it ear drum. Instead, use a cloth or cotton ball and just clean the easily accessible areas of the rabbit's ears.; , In order to avoid the risk of infection, keep your bunny away from other rabbits. This includes keeping it out of areas where wild rabbits might be frequenting outside. Only let your rabbit in areas or around other rabbits that are known to be mite free.   If you have multiple rabbits and one is infected while the other is not, you need to keep the infected rabbit in isolation until the infection has been treated and is cleared up. Chances are, however, that if you have one infected rabbit, the other rabbits it lives with are also infected.  You can place 3-4 drops of baby oil in the rabbit's ear to smother any stray mites that you may not be able to see. This will not hurt your rabbit's ears and it will help to prevent a full blown infection if a stray mite gets into your rabbit's ear.   Ear mites are parasites, with the scientific name Psoroptes cuniculi, that crawl into the ears to feed.If you can stop them before they establish themselves and reproduce in the ear, that is ideal.  While the goal is to avoid seeing these signs because you have prevented an infection from occurring in the first place, you should know what to look for just in case. In addition to the thick, brown crust that lines the inside of the ears, there are other signs of ear mites in rabbits. These are:Itching around the ears, head and neck Head shaking Ear pain, swelling, or redness Ears fall down Weight loss Unsteadiness or falling over (sign of an inner ear infection)  , Make checking your rabbit’s ears a weekly habit to stay on top of any of ear mite infection. Preventing your rabbit from acquiring a serious ear mite infestation is the best way to deal with ear mites.  As ear mites feed, the ear tissue responds by producing a buildup of fluid and brown crust, which is commonly referred to as ear canker.Do not attempt to remove this crusty build up, as it can be very painful for the rabbit.Instead, the crust will come off on its own once the infection is treated and the mites are killed.  If you see any signs of an ear mite infection you should get your rabbit checked by its vet. The vet will assess your rabbit's overall health but will also take a close look at the animal's ears. Your veterinarian should be able to diagnosis ear mites easily by looking in the ears and looking at a swab taken from the ear.   Consult with your veterinarian for advice on treatment in any case where a rabbit has ear mites, but especially if it’s a serious infestation.  Treatment of ear mites is done with medications that kill the ear mite. These include:   Ivermectin injections under the skin done every two weeks for three to four times.Miticides, like those prescribed for dogs and cats, applied on the skin at the base of the neck repeated every 30 days., If the rabbit has any bacterial infection associated with its ear mite infection this will need to be treated separately with antibiotics. Your veterinarian will assess this situation and prescribe medication as needed.   The mites can travel further into the ear causing an infection by bacteria called otitis externa. This infection can extend further down the ear, damage the ear drum, and cause an internal ear infection which is very serious.Apply the antibiotics for as long as it is prescribed to your rabbit. Using the medicine for too short of a time could limit its effectiveness.  Hutches or any other plastic, wire or wood box that an infected rabbit has used will need to be cleaned and disinfected. First remove any bedding and poop along with any toys, feeders and waters. Throw away bedding and poop and anything that cannot be cleaned, such as cardboard boxes.   Wash everything with warm water and soap, then disinfect with a diluted vinegar solution.You should also use this solution daily for a few weeks to wipe down all surfaces. You will also need to clean any other area the infected rabbit visited by sweeping or vacuuming once a day for a month. The crusts and scabs which fall off the ears may be harboring living mites and cleaning will remove them. Basically, you want all items that your rabbit comes into contact with to be disinfected or replaced., Within 10 days of treatment the crusty lesions should begin to come off on their own. If the condition does not seem to be improving, or gets worse, you should take your rabbit back to the veterinarian for further treatment.   Your veterinarian may recommend a return visit to make sure the infection has cleared up. The vet will probably do a physical examination and may do a swab to check for any remaining ear mites.	Clean your rabbit's ears regularly. Keep your rabbit away from other rabbits you don't know. Apply a small amount of oil to your rabbit's ears regularly. Keep an eye out for the symptoms of an infection. Check your rabbit's ears regularly. Do not remove the crust in your rabbit's ears. Take your rabbit to a veterinarian. Follow your veterinarian's treatment advice. Treat any secondary infections as well. Clean all items used by infected rabbits. Keep an eye on the recovery.
Adults who have were sexually abused as children may also show signs of lingering trauma that can affect one’s physical and psychological well-being. Some common indicators of someone who was abused as a child include:responding with fear to reminders of the assault feeling anxious and unsafe having flashbacks of the assault having problems with concentration ongoing feelings of guilt, anger, and/or depression having a poor self-image having problems with relationships losing interest in sex; , Teenagers have similarities in how they may respond to sexual abuse as well. Some common signs to look for in teens include:injuring self (cutting, burning) having poor personal hygiene abusing drugs and/or alcohol behaving in a sexually promiscuous manner running away from home showing signs of depression or anxiety making suicide attempts seeming to have a fear of intimacy or closeness changes in appetite, such as dieting or compulsive eating  , While children may respond to sexual abuse in slightly different ways, there are some common indicators that may help you to identify sexual abuse in children. Some of the signs to watch for include:changes in sleeping pattern or sleep disturbances, such as nightmares drastic changes is eating patterns or appetite sudden mood swings drops hints about abuse through playing, writing, drawing, or speaking develops a fear of a certain person or place talks about a new older friend and/or refuses to share secrets that he/she has with this person receives money, gifts, or toys from someone for no reason is repulsed by his/her self or body seems to have adult knowledge of sexual behaviors	Identify signs of abuse in adults. Watch for signs of sexual abuse in teens. Learn how to recognize the signs of sexual abuse in children.
Measure out 2/3 cup of loose tea into a canning jar. Good quality, organic tea is the best. Some yummy suggestions would be, Assam, Oolong, or Lapsang Souchong. Most people think that Lapsang is too smokey but once you acquire a taste for it you will love it.In fact, it was the favorite tea of a few famous people including Winston Churchill and Julia Child!; , Let this stand for about 5 minutes. Then stir and strain the tea concentrate into another heat proof jar so the tea doesn't stew.  Drink plain or add cream and sugar to taste.  This will keep for at least a week in the refrigerator, but if you leave it out it will sour. It is meant for large gatherings, but if you have leftovers refrigerate them and enjoy a special cup of tea yourself later on.  One quart of this will also make one gallon of cold tea so if you don't use it all up make cold tea and enjoy when the heat of the day attacks!   	Boil one quart of water to 100 degrees celsius. When the water has boiled, pour it into the jar of tea. To serve, pour about 2 tablespoons of tea concentrate into a tea cup and fill with boiling water. Store it in the fridge. Enjoy it cold, too.
Once you have the basics down, it's time to make your world a little tougher. You can add in the free-throw line, make players go down the line and come back, or make the last shot an extra-difficult 3-pointer.   Make sure everyone understands all of the shots before beginning -- it makes a big difference when deciding whether to move on or stay put for the second shot.  Mix-in different kinds of shots, such as layups. Throw in blind shots, backwards throws, backboard shots only (or no backboard shots at all), or any other challenge you can think of to make the game more interesting.  If you're a great shooter, you should be able to constantly hit every shot under pressure. If you're really looking to improve your game or make things tenser, only allow one shot per spot. You can also eliminate the ability to skip a shot, forcing players to take both shots every time and move back if they fail.  This is best for smaller groups of 2-4 players, and you may need a referee to ensure it all works out. Start with every player on roughly the same square, say go, and start shooting. The rest of the rules apply as well, except you cannot skip turns. If you miss twice, you start over. Players will have to be strategic about when to shoot, and smart players can even try and hit other players balls to knock them back to start -- though you'll be sacrificing one of your own shots as well.          To make it easier to enforce the rules, players should shout "chance shot" every time they take a second shot, allowing you to know if they must restart if they miss., You could only allow three total skips in the entire game, making them much more strategic and putting a greater focus on good shooting. It can, however, also make the game much longer.  This little variation mixes up the normal game and allows for odd and spectacular shots. You can make players alternate arms every shot (making them more or less likely to risk the second shot), or force them to shoot opposite handed whenever they want to take a second shot. You can mix this up with backwards shots or blind, eyes-closed shots as well to make things interesting.	Create more complicated patterns for harder games. Add different types of shooting to work on other skills. Eliminate the second shot for higher stakes games. Allow simultaneous shooting for a chaotic, strategic game. Limit the number of skips per game. Make shooters use both hands.
