,, These connection-clients are also referred to as "viewers." The official viewer is Viewer 2.0. Alternatively, there are a number of third-party viewers that one can use to connect with, some of which provide more functionality than the official client.  You will start off at a Help or Orientation Island -- which is essentially a tutorial for newbies to help learn how to navigate and make use of the features Second Life (SL) offers. This isn't a requirement, however. Note, however, that while on this Island, you won't be able to search for other areas on the main grid (for whatever reason).  There will be another button on the Map display that reads "Go Home." Click it, and you should be taken to the main grid.  Open your Map display back up again and type in "Midgar" into your search bar and click "Search." Our sim should pop up on your map.  Welcome to Midgar. Please read the rules and the necessary information to get started in our community. Enjoy!	Go to SecondLife.com; , Go to Choose in your starting look (which will be unimportant in the long run), fill in your desired information, and complete your registration.  , Once you've signed up, you will need a client to connect with. Once you have your client/viewer installed and downloaded, simply log into your account. If you wish to leave the Help/Orientation Island, you have to teleport yourself to your Home location, which you can do by looking at the bottom of your screen and clicking on the "Map" button. Once you are on the main grid, you will be able to search for other areas in Second Life. Click teleport.
This button will be on the upper left side of your screen.; , The name of your function should be the name of your file, so when you save this new script file it will be the name of your file. In this case, for example, you can name our function slope-equation.  An input is something you need the user to give to you. For example, if you want to determine the slope equation y = mx+b, you need the user to tell us what is the slope value(m), the x coordinate and the y-intercept(b).  Skip to line 2 in your program and type for example, “%m is the value of the slope of the line”. Repeat this for each 3 inputs. Commenting is useful in programming for you and others who modify your program to understand all the variables and things you have done and how they are defined.  What this means, in this case, is you want your equation to define a variable y as the product of our input m and x and then add the y intercept value (b) to it. In line 5, you define your equation. Do not forget the semicolon this semicolon suppresses the output! What does that mean? That means the software Matlab automatically assigns the y variable the value of mx+ b and it doesn't output the value to the screen.  An fprintf statement is used to output information to the user of the program. You will first define the fprintf statement and then go into more details. Type in at line 6 fprintf(‘blank message’);  , Replace the words blank message with your own words your sentence should be descriptive of the output of your function. You can say, “The y coordinate of this line is:”  , This means since you are dealing with integers you should use “%i” this will call an integer value from our fprintf statement. What are the different data types? Well the most common one is integer which in an fprintf statement is defined as %i but there is also a whole list of numeric data types at this website http://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/numeric-types.html where you can look and decide at which data type you would like your answer to be formatted in!  , In your case the output is the value y so after the single quotation you type “, y”. The fprintf statement automatically recognizes this variable and puts it in the first %(datatype) it sees in between the single quotation marks.  This line just simply is to make your program look neater. It makes your program enter after your initial fprintf statement. This is just the line “fprintf(‘\n’);’. The new line character in other programming languages is “/n”; in MATLAB it will only work with the backwards slash.  This end will close our function and is necessary in every function you create in MATLAB. If you do not save your program you will get the wrong output or no values when you execute.  This part is considered calling your function; you go to the command prompt and type “yourfunction(inputvalue1, inputvalue2, inputvalueN)”. This means you type your function's name and the values you want to assign to the inputs. Test your function with the input value of 4, 5 and 6. That means on the command prompt you would write slope Equation(4,5,6). As you can see from the picture mistakes are bound to happen in your code just refer back to these steps and the warnings and see what you missed or messed up on!	Open up MATHWORKS MATLAB and press the New Script button. Type your function name. Type the inputs of your function in between the parenthesis. Comment on what each input is. Type in the operation you want your program to do using your inputs. Use an fprintf statement to output the result of your equation. Decide on what you want your message to display. Insert the data type of the output of your function after your sentence but still in between the single quotation marks. Type the output of your function after the single quotation mark. Add an fprintf statement which contains the new line character. Add an end to the last line of your program and save your program as your function name. Test your function out on the command prompt!
If a regular structure to your day helped you get through the initial withdrawal period, it may also help you conquer your addiction long-term. Adjust your schedule as necessary, but keep the good habits that you’ve developed already.   Make sure you continue to manage any medications you are taking and have regular trips to your medical doctor., Don’t stop taking advantage of these resources just because you are feeling better. Recovery from addiction is a process, so continue to check in with your doctor, therapist, or support group. If this begins to feel burdensome, try thinking of it like eating right or exercising. It’s something you do regularly to stay healthy, even when you’d rather not.  Thinking about the rest of your life can be overwhelming, so stop and celebrate your accomplishments periodically: two weeks clean, a month, three months, a year.   After even a day or week sober you can treat yourself to something you enjoy like a nice dinner or a trip to the beach. Focus on what you have done well and take the time to set goals for the next week. After a month of sobriety you can celebrate by having a clean and sober party (with no alcohol, drugs).  Build healthy friendships and stronger personal relationships. Resist the urge to start spending time with the people with whom you used to use amphetamines.   You can set specific boundaries with individuals who use amphetamines by saying something like, "I am focusing on my sobriety and am still in the early stages of recovery, so I can't be around people who use right now. It is too risky for me and I hope you will understand that." Cultivate new relationships with individuals who do not use alcohol or drugs or any kind. Try signing up for a gym, dance class, church group, or any other social activity.  If you notice increased cravings, feelings of hopelessness, or a lot of additional stress, you may be at risk for a relapse. During these times, it is especially important to avoid people, places, and situations you associate with amphetamine use. Stay strong, and focus on what you’ve accomplished.   If you do use amphetamines again and regret it, try not to beat yourself up – that won’t help. Remember that you stopped once; you can do it again. Get help immediately, and get back on track.	Continue to adhere to your daily routine. Stick with your counseling program or support group. Celebrate milestones. Surround yourself with the right people. Watch for warning signs.
In order to create, edit and delete ads, you must create a user account. Visit the OLX website by searching online for "OLX (your country)," like "OLX Switzerland" or "OLX Romania." The exact web address varies based on the country selected (for example, OLX India is olx.in, OLX Philippines is OLX.ph, and so on).On the top right hand side of the page, find the blue “My Account” button and click on it. You will be taken to a log in page. Here you have two options. You can create an account by logging in with Facebook, or you can create a username and password.   To log in with Facebook, click on the Facebook button. You need to have or create a Facebook account for this to work. To create a username and password, click on the “Register” hyperlink under the Login button. Enter your username. Then create a password and enter it twice. A confirmation email will be sent to the email address you provided. When you receive the email, click on the confirm link to begin using OLX.; , If you don’t want to use a computer, you can use the OLX app for your smartphone. It is available for iOS and Android. Once you have downloaded and installed the app, you can use all of OLX’s features.Manage your ads in the My OLX section. Share your ad on social media. Use your GPS to pinpoint other offers in your geographical location and set a distance radius when looking for products. Create a favorites list of items listed on the site. Connect with buyers via a “tap-and-call” feature or via text.  Either option allows you to adequately describe and promote the item you want to sell. It’s really just a matter of personal preference. If you are comfortable with opening up your laptop, getting on the internet and uploading content to the website, then the OLX website might work for you. But if you want the convenience of being able to take pictures and create an ad all with one device, then you might find the app easier to use.  On the homepage, click on the orange "Submit a Free Ad" button. You will be taken to the ad creation page. Here is where you enter all of the details of your ad. Follow the prompts to enter all of the relevant information.   You will be prompted to create a title, write a description, upload pictures, quote a price and enter your location and contact information.  Make the title appealing. Think of descriptive keywords related to your item that people would use to look for that item. Include the item’s brand name or designer if applicable. Include the size, color, and condition of the item in the title. State specifically what the item is in the title.Suppose you are selling a beaded bracelet. Think of all of the terms buyers might use to search for this bracelet. For example, they may be looking for a new or antique bracelet, a certain color, or a specific metal finish. Add all of that information in your title. Make your title read something like this: “New Handmade Beaded Bracelet Silver Pink Pearls.” This way, your listing will come up whenever a buyer enters any combination of those terms in a search. Avoid using acronyms or all caps in your title.  Categories include mobile devices, computers, cars, furniture, pets, books and fashion, among others. Many buyers search by category. So it is important to choose the category that best fits your item.   If you’re not sure what category to choose, try searching for similar items and seeing what category other sellers have used.  Make your description as informative as possible. List the most important information first, such as the size, shape and color and the item’s condition. Add information about what’s included with the item and the kind of packaging. Never say something that isn’t true. Also, keep the tone positive and avoid negative comments. Try to think of any questions to buyer might have and answer them in the description.Using the example of the bracelet, you could write the following description: “This bracelet was handmade in a smoke free, pet free studio. It features round, pink and white pearls, connected by sterling silver links. The lobster clasp allows for adjusting the bracelet to fit on any size wrist. The length is 6 inches.”  , Set a fair price for the item. The price should reflect the item’s condition. Prices that are too high will drive away potential buyers. Conversely, prices that are too low make buyers question the quality of the item. If you are not sure how to price your item, look for similar listings of items in comparable condition. See what those sellers are charging for their items.   Note that the price must be set in the currency of the country where the ad is placed.  You can add up to eight photos of your item. If you are using the website, upload photos from your computer. If you are using the app, select the photos from your smartphone that you want to include with the ad. Add enough pictures so that potential buyers can get a good look at the item. Take pictures from several different angles. If possible use, outdoor lighting. If you can’t use outdoor lighting, be sure to use enough indoor lighting to adequately show the item.   Ads with more pictures get more responses from potential buyers.  Submit your name. Then, enter a phone number you want buyers to use to contact you. Also, enter the city where you are located. This way buyers know where they have to go to find the item.   For safety purposes, don’t include your home address anywhere in the listing.  Choose the city that is closest to your location. Since transactions happen in person, buyers need to know where you are located. Some buyers who don’t live nearby may ask you to ship from your location. You will have to decide for yourself whether or not you want to do that. You may wish to change the selling price to include shipping.   Make safety a priority when choosing where to meet. Make sure to meet in a public, well-lit area near security cameras, if possible. A good example of such a place is a police parking lot.  You can change any information in your listing at any time. Choose from three methods for editing your ad. The method you choose depends on whether or not you have an account with OLX.Go to the page where your ad is. Click on the “Edit” link and you will be taken to a form where you can edit your ad. If you have an account, log in to your account. Go to the “Ads” tab and find “Active Ads.” Choose the ad you want to edit and click on “Edit.” You will be taken to a form where you can make changes. If you don’t have an OLX account, go to the “Manage Your Ad” email that was sent to you when you created your ad. In the body of that email, you will find the “Edit” link. Click on the link and you will be taken to the editing form.  For a fee, you can create a promoted ad. This means that your ad will become a featured ad on the website. Featured ads get more traffic. Therefore, the item may sell more quickly.The ad gets featured in the category you selected when you created the ad. The fees vary depending on the category you select. Pay for promoting your ad via credit card or ACH electronic transfer from your checking account.  Create an ad using the entry form on the website or the mobile app. Select a payment option (either credit card or ACH transaction). You will be taken to the payment page where you pay with an online transaction. Once OLX receives the payment, you will receive an email confirming that your ad has been promoted., If an item you previously listed is not getting enough attention, you can choose to promote it. Log in to your account. Find the ad you want to promote. Click on the “Promote” button. Select an available payment option to make your payment. Pay by credit card or ACH transfer via an online transaction. You will receive an email stating that the OLX team is promoting your ad., You may want to delete your ad if you decide against selling the item. You can choose from two methods to do so. Again, the method you choose depends on whether or not you have an OLX account.If you have an account, log in to the site and go to the “Ads” tab. Go to “Active Ads.” Select the ads you want to delete. Click on the “Remove” link under the title of the ad. If you don’t have an account, go to the “Manage Your Ad” email that was sent to you when you created the ad. Click on the “Deactivate” link in the email.  Buyers who are interested in purchasing your item can send you a message or call you via links in the ad. You can choose the way you want buyers to contact you when you create your ad. Many sellers provide a phone number. Others prefer to receive secure messages. It depends on your personal preference.  Once you have connected with a buyer, make arrangements to meet in person. Choose a public place. This protects your safety because other people will be close by. Also, do not meet at your home address. It may not be safe for strangers to know where you live., If the buyer is satisfied with the condition of the item, you can accept payment. Since you are meeting in person, it is up to you what payment methods you can choose to accept. Many sellers feel most comfortable with cash-only transactions. OLX does not mediate the sale in any way. Also, buyers cannot submit payments for items through OLX.	Register as a user on the website. Install the app on your smartphone. Compare the app and the website. Navigate to the ad creation page. Create a title. Select a category. Write a description. Enter the price. Add photos. Enter your contact information. Enter the meeting location. Edit your ad. Get more exposure. Promote a new ad. Upgrade an active ad. Delete your ad. Receive communication from potential buyers. Arrange to meet the buyer. Make the sale.
It's a good idea to pack all of the parts out at once. Assembling your tent will be fastest if you don't have to unpack each item one at a time. Keep all parts nestled in one place so you can keep account of everything. Because the list of supplies depends on the specific type of tent you're using, here are a few different types of tents you can consider:   A-Frame tents are the most typical and common type of tent for personal use. They're the easiest to erect and usually come with extras like a rain-fly and weather tarp. Tunnel tents are different from typical "A-Frame" tents because they are structured by two long poles that both run the width of the tent. This creates a wider interior with more headspace. However, they're not nearly as stable when it comes to wind.Dome tents are generally the largest, and usually reserved for larger groups in camping. Although they're quite a bit bigger, they're generally very easy to pitch.; , A ground cloth should be big enough to encompass the space of at least most of your tent. The added cushion of a ground cloth will lead to a more comfortable rest.  Lie the tent frame out. That way, you can make sure you're sliding the poles through the right slots. This is arguably the most time-consuming part of tent assemblage, but it's very straightforward.   In the case of a "tunnel tent", make sure the poles are parallel from one another.  If the support poles have joints, make them rigid. The poles are going to have a pre-set frame to them for the main body of the tent. Help the tent up by lifting parts of it. The poles should hold the frame in place. If not, secure loose parts of the poles or extend them as needed.  This will stabilize the tent and make sure it doesn't move around. If you don't have tent pegs for whatever reason, you can improve by using sturdy sticks and pushing them into the soil.  This is where the rain-fly comes in. A rain-fly is an additional piece you set overtop the tent. There should be something along the line of latches on the roof of your tent to secure the rain-fly in place. Even if you're pretty sure there will be no rain, it doesn't hurt to install it nonetheless. It will ensure all of your tent equipment stays in one place, and prepare you for unforeseen rain showers.  Once the tent is set up, you can equip the interior. Because there isn't usually much space in a tent, you should decide which things are alright to store outside, and which things should be kept inside. Sleeping bags are an obvious must in your tent. Crates and hard-cased storage can be left outside.   If there's a risk of bears in the area you're camping, it is strongly recommended you keep food out of the tent. If a bear comes, you don't want him rummaging into your tent because he picked up the scent of granola.  This makes the experience of camping nicer, but it also makes the cleanup process easier. Make an effort to keep shoes off while you're in the tent. Keep the space clutter-free and throw out excess wrappers appropriately.  Taking pegs out is usually pretty easy, and should be the first thing you do before dismantling your tent. If you can't pull them up by hand, try digging out the soil around the peg to loosen it.   The rain-fly should be unlatched as soon as possible as well.  Once the pegs are out, pull the bottoms of the tent poles out from the sockets in the fabric. Do this for all four corners before you move on and take out upper sockets. This will make sure the tent isn't imbalanced later on during the dismantling.   Take down the camp slowly. Even the best tents can be fragile if you're not careful.  While you're putting pegs and poles aside, do your best to keep them all in one place. You should be storing them all in one place usually, but it's especially important if you're out camping. You don't want to drive away without first taking account of all the parts.  Once the camp is dismantled, you should do a last-minute scan to make sure there isn't anything you accidentally left or forgot about. In most cases you'll be able to account for everything, but it definitely helps for the occasions you'll have missed something. While you're scanning, you should make sure you haven't left any garbage. You should make the campsite look as good or better than when you left it.  Once you get back home, you should keep the tent parts in one place and somewhere dry. If the tent gathers mildew or moisture over time, this will rot out the fabric and ruin the tent for any future use.  There are lots of different types and sizes of tent on the market. Some are only big enough to fit one or two people, while others are massive enough to include tables and chairs. If you're buying a tent for personal use, you should stick to smaller-sized tents. Bigger tents are harder to carry around, and usually take longer to put together and dismantle.   Tents will usually have a recommended persons limit on the box. Although the worth of these estimates is a bit iffy (you should usually round up the number, if anything) it can give you some insight as to the approximate size. Don't cheap out and purchase the discount brands of tent. Although you'll save money, they wear out quickly and lack the protection of better tents. You'll be making this tent your home on more than one occasion after all, so it's worth to spend a bit more and go for at least a run-of-the-mill model  , Any new tent is going to take a bit of time to figure out how it goes together. With these two things in mind, it's a good idea to set the tent up in your back yard or living room before you even leave for your trip. You'll be able to work out the kinks in the assembly process without having to worry about time or having somewhere to sleep.   This is also recommended in the small possibility that the package did not come with all its parts. If there was a fault on the part of the manufacturer, you can send it back and get a replacement version.  Among the more obvious things like food and clothing, its essential that you bring some kind of basic first-aid kit with you whenever you camp. Bandages, over-the-counter painkillers, gauze and topical cream are some of the things you should bring with you. Although serious injury is unlikely, minor scrapes and bruises are commonplace when you're outdoors, and you'll want to get to soothe them quickly so that they don't impact your experience.  It's a preventable pain to realize you've forgotten something necessary at home. This is especially true if you get to your camping location and realize you left something essential for the tent behind. Even if you're in a rush out the door, take a few extra minutes to verify you have all your bases covered.   It's useful to write up a quick list of the things you and your party will need for a trip.  When you get to a potential camping location, you should give a quick glance around to see if you spot anything dangerous. Chances are you will be camping in a natural woodland area. If this is true, it's a good idea to read up on your location a bit beforehand to see what kind of hazards other people have reported.   Broken trees above can be lethal if they fall on your tent in the tent. It's best to stay clear of anything that looks unstable. Bee hives are hard to spot in a wild area. All the same, the sight of one is a good sign you should stay away. The common sight of animal droppings is an indication that this is an area that gets a lot of animal traffic. Although many animals will steer clear of you, some predators (often bears) will make a target of campsites.  If it rains, the rain will trickle down and risk flooding your campsite.  This is the ground you'll be sleeping on, so it's necessary you find the flattest possible piece of ground within reason. Keep the size of your tent in mind, and accommodate for a space outside the tent gate. Having a hill drop right outside the door is a recipe for injury.  Although broken glass can be legitimately dangerous to camp on, you won't be able to sleep if there are stones on the ground where you're trying to rest., If you're camping out in a relatively wild area, you should be prepared for the possibility of animals. Although most animals will stay clear from humans, bears are a major danger and can be lethal. Seeing a lot of animal droppings can be a sign that you're close to an animal's hunting ground. Although you'll never be able to know for sure, you can usually look up the camping region beforehand to see if other people have reported bear sightings.   If there is any risk, you should keep things like food out of your tent. That way, a bear won't need to rummage into your tent if he picks up the food's scent.	Unpack your tent supplies.Once you've found a good area to set up camp, it's time to unpack your things. Lay down a ground cloth.No matter how much you clear the area, there may still be twigs and other debris that could puncture your tent or make the surface otherwise uncomfortable. Insert your tent poles through the frame.Once you've gotten all your tent parts out, slide the support poles through the body of the tent. Raise the tent. Hammer in your tent pegs.Using a mallet or a nearby rock, take the spikes that come with your tent and hammer them into the ground. Set up the rain-fly.It's important to keep in mind that tents on their own are usually not waterproof. Move your things into the tent. Keep your tent clean while you camp.It's a good idea to keep your tent clean while you're camping. Unpeg the tent from the ground. Remove the poles from the frame. Keep all of the tent parts in one place. Scan the campsite for anything you might have missed. Store your tent supplies somewhere dry. Buy a tent that accurately suits your needs. Do a practice run-through of setting up the tent.Generally speaking, you're going to want your camping experience to be as problem-free as possible. Remember to bring first-aid. Make sure you have everything before you leave. Look out for apparent hazards. Avoid setting up in low areas if there's a chance of rain.It's not recommended that you camp on a day where there's a likelihood of rain in the first place, but just in case, it's a good idea not to set your campsite in a depression in the ground. Find a flat space.Tents need a flat space to be set up properly. Clear the chosen area of debris.Once you've found a relatively flat area that's free of apparent hazards, you should prep the campsite by clearing out debris that could hurt the tent or make the surface uneven. Make sure the area is reasonably clear of wildlife.
Many kids prepare their own hype for the holiday by dyeing and decorating hard boiled eggs with their parents the previous night. Stick about three to four refrigerated eggs around their basket and encourage your child to eat them later on.; , Trees begin to grow leaves again and Spring is also the season to start preparing new gardens for the year. Insert a package or two of seeds in their baskets, along with a plastic shovel and mini watering can. It can also become a new way to bond with kids and educate them on gardening. Add a small box of sidewalk chalk or bubbles.  A lot of small toy "inserts", such rubber ducks, matchbox cars, a small Easter stuffed animal, or a sheet of Easter related stickers are always a treat to get. Even if it's a small zipper bag filled with nail polish and travel sized lotions, it'll be appreciated by your preteen daughter. Use Easter to also "refill" on small school supplies, for example pencils or educational flash cards.  Pass with the ideas of chocolate or marshmallow fluff sugared candy. Add a handful of store bought or homemade items into a zippered snack plastic bag.    Granola, with nuts such as pecans Dried fruit, such as banana chips or cranberries Sugar/fat free pudding boxes Mini popcorn package; most "mini" bags typically are meant for a single person Crackers Non-candy that resembles bunnies or chicks  , Stick a movie ticket in the Easter grass or a pre-paid month gaming card, whether it's Club Penguin, Halo, or Roblox. Add a few coins, such as quarters or nickels into plastic Eggs.	Use dyed Easter eggs. Think of Spring and Summer activities. Think of small Christmas stocking ideas. Prepare small bags of healthy snacks. Give your child a special treat.
Your parents may relate differently to your sibling, and and act differently around them, but not favor them. They may not realize that they make you feel as though they favor your sibling.; , This can be a mental list or a real list, which you will use later to speak to your parents. Try to come up with specific examples to back up what you're saying.  Ask if you can speak with them about something important, and make sure your tone is non-accusatory.  Remember not to get angry, or use the examples as accusations. Once you get angry, they may clam up and stop listening. You want this to be a discussion where you both can share your sides of the story, not an argument about what they're doing wrong.  Some parents don't want to listen, and will become angry if you explain that you feel they are playing favorites. If they don't listen and get angry, or if you feel yourself angry, prevent the discussion from becoming an argument.  Jealousy can make it hard to avoid blaming your siblings, and anger can make it had for you to avoid blaming yourself. However, blame does not fix this problem, and tends to make you focus too much on anger you may feel.  Avoid seeking their approval for everything, and have pride in yourself. This will help you see that not being the "favorite" does not mean you are not as good.  Sometimes, the anger will get to you, and you will need to vent. Don't worry, just get your feelings out so you can allow yourself to move on from them.  It can be tough to deal with parents that shower your sibling in gifts and money, yet give you a hard time when you ask for something. If you're old enough, look for a job to earn things for yourself. Spend more time outside of your home in a more accepting and supportive environment.	Consider whether it really is favoritism by looking at all sides of the issue. Make a list with examples of how they show it and how it makes you feel. Approach your parents when both of you are in good, calm moods. Explain how you feel, using examples to back yourself up. End the discussion if the tone becomes angry. Don't blame yourself or your siblings. Work for yourself, not your parents. Begin a private journal to vent in. Become more independent.
You need a single policy that details all the rules and regulations for posting company news online, which includes your company website as well as company social media accounts.You may want to reach out to a business attorney who specializes in libel and defamation law to help you craft your policy. Also check the policies of major, reputable news outlets, and read the section on libel and defamation in the AP Stylebook for pointers.  Since truth is an absolute defense to libel, if you post anything negative about any particular people or businesses, make absolutely certain that everything you've posted is true and accurate, and can be proven so.Take particular care with any statement that could reflect badly on the individual or business named. In these cases, the truth of a statement can reduce – but not eliminate – legal risk. Although truth is an absolute defense, it is still a defense – meaning it doesn't come up unless the person sues you. The more damaging the statement, the more likely the person will sue you for harming their reputation. Keep in mind that sharing information from a different account or website does not necessarily shield you. For example, if a Twitter user with 10 followers posts a Tweet that says your competitor bakes rats into his cupcakes, re-Tweeting that on your account with 50,000 followers could expose you to liability.  Although it's very difficult – if not impossible – to remove something completely once you've published it online, anything that's potentially libelous or defamatory should be removed immediately upon discovery.This includes not only posts you generated yourself, but any comments to those posts that appear on your website. If someone shares your post and adds libelous or defamatory statements, that's generally outside of your control, and doesn't appear on your website. However, if you host comments on your website or social media account, those comments must be monitored regularly to ensure that nothing is posted there that poses a legal risk to your company.  Something that may be good news for your company, or that may seem like good news for your client, could nevertheless be considered defamatory or cause problems regarding a separate contract or situation of which you were unaware.Get permission in writing and keep that document as long as the post remains on your website or social media account – which essentially means indefinitely.	Create clear and understandable policies. Fact-check content that specifically names individuals or businesses. Remove potentially libelous or defamatory posts promptly. Obtain permission to post news regarding clients.
Save the workbook as "Spheroidal Asymptotes and  Skewed Ring", or as you think best. A related file has been previously saved as "THE Garthwaite Curve" since many past problems were solved by it.; , Recommended Settings: Set General to R1C1 Off and Show the 10 Most Recent Documents; Edit - set all the Top options to checked except Automatically Convert Date System. Display number of decimal places = blank (for integers preferred), Preserve display of dates and set 30 for 21st century cutoff; View - show Formula Bar and status bar, hover for comments and all of Objects, Show gridlines and all boxes below that auto or checked; Chart - show chart names and data markers on hover. Leave rest unchecked for now; Calculation -- Automatically and calculate before save, max change .000,000,000,000,01 w/o commas if you do goal-seeking a lot and save external link values and use 1904 system; Error checking - check all; Save - save preview picture with new files and Save AutoRecover after 5 minutes; Ribbon -- all checked except Hide group titles and Developer., A1: AjRows; B1: GM; C1: Factor1; D1: KEY; E1 Number; F1 Format Cells Aligned Left enter "968115/(25680*2)=18.84959112 which divided by π = 6.000011204"  w/o quotes. Select cell range A1:E2 and Format Cells Alignment Center., A2: 2880; B2 "=(-(1-SQRT(5))/2)^IF(Spheroids<24,1,1)" w/o quotes; C2: .125; D2: w/o quotes "=IF(Spheroids<=24,Spheroids*VLOOKUP(Spheroids,LOOKER2,2)*2,Spheroids)"; E2: 1; F2: Cell Format Align Left and enter w/o quotes "=25680*2*6*PI()/15"; G2: Enter w/o quotes "=1712*12*PI()"., Select A2:E2 and Format Cells Border bold Black Outline Center (divider). That signifies they're input cells of a sort., In fact, just do this for the entire worksheet by clicking between the A and the 1 in the far upper left corner to select the entire worksheet and Format Cells Number Number Decimal Places 4. Align Center if you like as well. You'll need to go back and align the note left in cell F1 if aligning all center., A3: Tip; B3: Base; C3: Spheroids; D3: ShrinkExpand; E3: PiDivisor; F3: Thickness; G3: ShrinkExpand2; H3: VARIABLE.,, Select range A4:H4 and Format Cells Border Black bold Outline Center (divider)., A5: Base t; B5: constant c; C5: Cos; D5: Sin; E5: Main X; F5: Main Y; G5: Second X; H5: Second Y., Select cell L9 and input 1. Edit Go To cell range L9:L32 and do Edit Fill Series Columns Linear Step Value 1 OK., M9: 24, M10: 16, then continue down as follows: 8, 4, =PI(), =PI(), =PI(), 2 from M16 down to M24, then 1 from M25 to M32., Format Cells Border Red Bold Outline and Fill yellow. There should no longer be any errors in the Defined Variables Section. If there are any, see ERRORS in the Warnings section below please., See Tip below concerning Inserting New Comments for all original values and formulas. Format Cell Fill Light Blue to make it distinct from other formulas in the same column, since it will not simply be filled down. Edit Go to cell range A7:A2886 and with cell A7 the active high-lighted cell, enter the formula, "=((A6+(-Tip*2)/(AjRows)))" w/o quotes and do Edit Fill Down. Select cell A7 and Insert New Comment and edit in "Original formula =((A6+(-Tip*2)/(AjRows))) down to A2886." That is there in case someone decides to get creative .... In cell B6, enter the formula w/o quotes "=IF(Spheroids<=24,Base*24/Spheroids,Base*24/Spheroids)" which I realize is redundant, but it used to solve a problem, so it's being retained. Edit Go To cell range B7:B2886 and with B7 active and high-lighted, enter the formula, "=B6" w/o quotes and do Edit Fill Down. Do Insert New Comment and edit in "Original formula =B6 down to B2886 as provides the constant value, per the adjusted value in B6." Expand the comment frame to fit. Edit Go To cell range C6:C2886 and with C6 active and high-lighted, enter the formula w/o quotes, "=Thickness*Spheroids/KEY*(COS((ROW()-6)*Number*PI()/PiDivisor*Factor1))" and do Edit Fill Down, then do Insert New Comment and edit in "Original formula =Thickness*Spheroids/KEY*(COS((ROW()-6)*Number*PI()/PiDivisor*Factor1)) down to C2886. Thickness is new and so is the formula for Key -- both have solved some previous problems with partial circles and overlaps (or 'superpositioning'). The user may still build the Factor1 formula and Lookup Table from previous wikiHows if so desired."" Expand the comment frame to fit. Edit Go To cell range D6:D2886 and with D6 active and high-lighted, enter the formula w/o quotes, "=Thickness*Spheroids/KEY*(SIN((ROW()-6)*Number*PI()/PiDivisor*Factor1))" and do Edit Fill Down, then do Insert New Comment and edit in "Original formula =Thickness*Spheroids/KEY*(SIN((ROW()-6)*Number*PI()/PiDivisor*Factor1)) down to C2886. Thickness is new and so is the formula for Key -- both have solved some previous problems with partial circles and overlaps (or 'superpositioning'). The user may still build the Factor1 formula and Lookup Table from previous wikiHows if so desired." Expand the comment frame to fit. Edit Go To cell range E6:E2886 and with E6 active and high-lighted, enter the formula w/o quotes,"=((SIN(A6/(B6*2))*GM*COS(A6)*GM*(COS(A6/(B6*2)))*GM)+C6)/ShrinkExpand" and do Edit Fill Down. Do Insert New Comment and edit in "Original Formula =((SIN(A6/(B6*2))*GM*COS(A6)*GM*(COS(A6/(B6*2)))*GM)+C6)/ShrinkExpand where GM is the Golden Mean which keeps things proportionate and C6 is the ring's cosine at 0, =1, while ShrinkExpand allows the user to modify the graph's size relative to ShrinkExpand2; otherwise this is the formula for a spherical helix from the CRC manual with the z dimension added into the x dimension." Expand the comment frame to fit. Edit Go To cell range F6:F2886 and with F6 active and high-lighted, enter the formula w/o quotes,"=((SIN(A6/(B6*2))*GM*SIN(A6)*GM*(COS(A6/(B6*2)))*GM)+D6)/ShrinkExpand" and do Edit Fill Down. Do Insert New Comment and edit in "Original Formula =((SIN(A6/(B6*2))*GM*SIN(A6)*GM*(COS(A6/(B6*2)))*GM)+D6)/ShrinkExpand where GM is the Golden Mean which keeps things proportionate and D6 is the ring's sine at 0, =0, while ShrinkExpand allows the user to modify the graph's size relative to ShrinkExpand2; otherwise, this is the formula for a spherical helix from the CRC manual with the z dimension added into the y dimension." Expand the comment frame to fit. Edit Go To cell range G6:G2886 and with G6 active and high-lighted, enter the formula w/o quotes,"=((SIN(A6/(B6*2))*GM*COS(A6)*GM*(COS(A6/(B6*2)))*GM)+C6)/ShrinkExpand2" and do Edit Fill Down. Do Insert New Comment and edit in "Original Formula =((SIN(A6/(B6*2))*GM*COS(A6)*GM*(COS(A6/(B6*2)))*GM)+C6)/ShrinkExpand2 where ShrinkExpand2 allows the user to modify the graph's size relative to ShrinkExpand for Main X and Y." Expand the comment frame to fit. Edit Go To cell range H6:H2886 and with H6 active and high-lighted, enter the formula w/o quotes,"=((SIN(A6/(B6*2))*GM*SIN(A6)*GM*(COS(A6/(B6*2)))*GM)+D6)/ShrinkExpand2" and do Edit Fill Down. Do Insert New Comment and edit in "Original Formula =((SIN(A6/(B6*2))*GM*SIN(A6)*GM*(COS(A6/(B6*2)))*GM)+D6)/ShrinkExpand2 where ShrinkExpand2 allows the user to modify the graph's size relative to ShrinkExpand for Main X and Y." Expand the comment frame to fit.  Edit Go to cell range E6:F2886 and from the Ribbon or Chart Wizard, select Chart, All, Scatter, Smoothed Line Scatter (use the scroll box -- it's down a ways). If in Chart Wizard, a new Chart Window will automatically open. Otherwise, a chart will appear on the DATA worksheet to be copy or cut and pasted into the upper left corner of the CHART worksheet. Hover the cursor over the lower right hand corner of the chart box area until the double-headed arrow appears, then pull and expand it into a large square. Double-click on the series plot line to bring up its dialog box and select Line Weight 1 and Color Dark Blue, or as you prefer. Set Transparency. Back on the Chart, click in the Plot Area and select Chart Layout from the Ribbon, where you can get rid of gridlines, legend, set or delete axis titles and input a Chart Title or Text Box (with direct editing), do 3-D formatting, Glow, Bevel, Soft Edges, etc.  Click in the Plot Area and hold down the Shift Key and do Edit Copy Picture. Then activate the SAVES worksheet and, still holding down the Shift Key, Paste Picture. The Option Key allows you to paste a Microsoft Office Drawing Object and do other special effects, plus, it remains linked to the data. Change the data now by entering 1.5 in cell F4 (Thickness) and go back and see the effect on the chart. -- more spread out, but a bit less spherical. Go back to DATA and enter 60 for Spheroids in cell C4. Pretty good little spheres. Set F4 to 1 and look again. Too much overlapping. Set F4 to 2. Just right, approximately. Click in the Plot Area and do the Chart Add Data menuitem. For Range, respond by going back to the DATA worksheet and selecting cell range G6:H2886. Mine comes out an oval and when I click on the new series plot, the formula bar reads, "=SERIES(,Data!$E$6:$E$2886,Data!$H$6:$H$2886,4)" which is wrong. Edit the E's to become G's. You may get a diagonal line which has a series of "=SERIES(,Data!$E$6:$E$2886,Data!$G$6:$G$2886,3)" not wanted at all, so delete it from the Formula Bar with a backspace and return.  Activate the DATA worksheet and enter 1 for Spheroids in cell C4 and then check out the CHART worksheet.Go back to DATA and enter a Thickness of 1 in F4 and then re-check the CHART. Click on the Added Data Series and delete it. Grab the lower right corner of your Chart Area and adjust the frame until there is a nice sphere shape, which happens when it's about 5" wide by 4" tall. With the Shift Key down, do Copy Picture and activate SAVES worksheet and do Paste Picture with the Shift Key depressed. Double click in the Plot and Chart Areas (near the edge) and set them to No Fill (transparent) and No Line. Double-click on the sphere and to the lower right of the Picture Styles box is a Brush in a round circle with a down arrow; select it, and choose Shadow Perspective - the one floating underneath. You should see a round shadow if you have set the background to Transparent. Save the workbook. The Asymptotes Formula Input. Return to the DATA worksheet. Enter 64 for Spheroids in cell C4, 2 for Thickness in cell F4 and 1 for Number in cell E2 (each of which has an effect on the outcome).  Edit Go To cell range S6:S2886 and with cell S6 active and high-lighted, enter the formula, "=F6" and Edit Fill Down. You may Insert New Comments for these; it would be a good idea. Edit Go To cell range P6:P2886 and with cell P6 active and high-lighted, enter the formula, "=((R6/(R6-1))*PI()/180)". and Edit Fill Down. Select cell P6 and Insert New Comment, "Original formula =((R6/(R6-1))*PI()/180), which is Neutral Operations; google NeuOps-Graphs01 to learn more". Edit Go To cell range Q6:Q2886 and with cell Q6 active and high-lighted, enter the formula, "=((S6/(S6-1))*PI()/180)". and Edit Fill Down. Select cell P6 and Insert New Comment, "Original formula =((S6/(S6-1))*PI()/180), which is Neutral Operations; google NeuOps-Graphs01 to learn more. Basically, if we have two numbers a and b, the operators of Addition and Multiplication will be Neutral versus one another when a=b/(b-1) and b=a/(a-1) for a+b=a*b=c where a^2/(a-1)=b^2/(b-1) = c. This is true for F=ma=m-a, E=mc^2=m+c^2, a^2+b^2=c^2=a^2 * b^2 = a^4/(a^2 -1) =b^4/(b^2 -1), ab = a^b, a+b = a^b via modified Newton-Raphson, etc, etc." Expand comment frame to fit. Inspect cell range P6 to Q2886 and delete all ############ overflows of exceptionally large numbers -- just delete them please.  If in Chart Wizard, a new Chart sheet will automatically be created. Otherwise, a new chart will appear on the DATA worksheet to Copy or Cut and Paste to the Asymptotes Chart worksheet's upper left corner. Hover over the lower right corner until there appears the double headed arrow and pull the chart open so that it occupies the window, Double-click on the horizontal axis and set the Minimum to -.1 and the Maximum to .1; then double-click on the vertical axis and set the Minimum to -.1 and the Maximum to .1; Double-click on the series plot lines and change their color and weight to suit your tastes. Shift Key down and Copy Picture and go to SAVES worksheet and Shift Key down Paste Picture and make notes of Data Settings.       Skewed Sphere Ring: Set Spheroids to 12, Thickness to 1.75 and Number to (Hold off). Create a new Chart from the same data with the above changes of Vertical MaxMin ± .6 and Horizontal -.025 and Maximum .01, then Copy Picture with Shift Key and with Shift Key Paste Picture to SAVES worksheet and make notes of Data Settings. Now change Number from 1 to 2. Copy Picture with Shift Key and with Shift Key Paste Picture to SAVES worksheet. Now double-click the Vertical Axis and reset to MaxMin of ± .05 to see the other series! Copy Picture and Paste Picture with Shift Key and make note of data settings.  For more art charts and graphs, you might also want to click on Category:Microsoft Excel Imagery, Category:Mathematics, Category:Spreadsheets or Category:Graphics to view many Excel worksheets and charts where Trigonometry, Geometry and Calculus have been turned into Art, or simply click on the category as appears in the upper right white portion of this page, or at the bottom left of the page.	Start by opening a new Microsoft Excel workbook and creating 3 worksheets: DATA, CHART (unless you use Chart Wizard) and SAVES. Set Preferences: Open Preferences. Input the Defined Variable Names in Row 1. Input the Variables in Row 2. Select cell range A1: E2 and Insert Name Create Names in Top Row. Format Cells for cell range F2:G2 Number Decimals 4. Enter the Variable Defined Names for Row 3. Enter the valriable values or formulas for Row 4: A4: "=Base*12/(VARIABLE*1)*PI()" w/o quotes; B4: "=16*107" w/o quotes; C4: 12; D4: 1; E4: 180; F4: 1; G4: 1; H4: 1. Select cell range A3: H4 and Insert Name Create Names in Top Row. Enter the Column Headings in Row 5. Select cell L8 and enter LOOKER2. Enter the following values into M9:M32. Edit Go To cell range L9:M32 and Insert Name Define Name LOOKER2 for cell range $L$9:$M$32. Enter the column formulas:  In cell A6, enter the formula w/o quotes "=IF(ODD(Spheroids)=Spheroids,0,Tip)" and do Insert New Comment and edit in "Original Formula =IF(ODD(Spheroids)=Spheroids,0,Tip)". Create the chart. Create a new worksheet in the workbook titled "Asymptotes Chart"  Edit Go To cell range R6:R2886 and with cell R6 active and high-lighted, enter the formula, "=E6" and Edit Fill Down. Create the new Chart  Edit Go To cell range P6:S2886 and from the Chart Wizard or Ribbon select Chart, All, Scattered, Smoothed Line Scattered. Make use of helper articles when proceeding through this tutorial:  See the article How to Create a Spirallic Spin Particle Path or Necklace Form or Spherical Border for a list of articles related to Excel, Geometric and/or Trigonometric Art, Charting/Diagramming and Algebraic Formulation.
With a bread knife, cut the loaf of fresh white bread into thick slices. Remove the crust from edges of each slice and set aside along with the ends of the bread. Place the slices on a drying rack and leave on your counter to become stale overnight.   If you’ve forgotten this step, you can dry the bread out in the oven. Preheat the oven to a very low temperature. After removing the crust, place the thick slices of bread on a baking sheet and put it in the oven. Once the bread feels dry to the touch, remove it from the oven. Do not toast the bread.; , Remove the outer layers of the white onion. Cut the peeled onion into quarters. Stud each quarter with one clove.  Pour 1 liter of full fat milk into the sauce pan. Add the quartered onions, 2 bay leaves, 1 teaspoon whole white peppercorn, 2 blades of mace, and 1 teaspoon table salt. If you are using ground mace, sprinkle it into the milk.  Gradually heat the mixture. Just before it starts to boil, remove the saucepan from the heat. Cover the saucepan and let the mixture infuse for 1 to 2 hours.  Retrieve your stale white bread and a mixing bowl. As you hold the bread over the opening of the bowl, tear each slice into cubes. The mixing bowl will catch the cubes and all of the crumbs.  Return the saucepan to a burner set on very low heat. Uncover the pan and pour in the breadcrumbs. The bread crumbs will absorb the milk, thickening the sauce. Cook the sauce until thick, approximately fifteen minutes.   Before you add the crumbs, you may strain the milk. This will remove the onion, bay leaves, peppercorns, and mace.  Prior to serving, stir in 30 grams (2 tablespoons) of butter. Add a splash of cream or milk to the sauce if desired. Grate the fresh nutmeg over the sauce. You may also add more salt.  Pour the sauce into a warmed gravy boat or bowl. Grate more fresh nutmeg over the top of the sauce. Bring the fragrant sauce to the table for your guests to eat with their meat.	Prepare the bread crumbs 24-hours in advance. Peel, quarter, and stuff the onion with cloves. Combine the ingredients in a saucepan. Bring the contents to a near boil and then let them infuse. Rip apart the stale bread and add the crumbs to the sauce. Add the bread to the infused sauce and heat. Add butter, cream, and nutmeg to the sauce. Serve.
By definition, dark chocolate is chocolate that has a higher concentration of cocoa butter and less milk. It’s actually possible to make dark chocolate without any milk at all, making it perfect for people who can’t or don’t consume dairy. Along with your ingredients, you'll also need:Grater Double boiler Metal whisk Candy mold Optional ingredients to add to the chocolate, such as dried fruit or nuts; , In the bottom of the double boiler, fill the pot with an inch (2.5 cm) of water. Place this over medium heat and allow the water to come to a boil.   If you don’t have a double boiler, fill the bottom of a regular saucepan with water, and use a metal or glass bowl as the top portion of the double boiler. Make sure the bowl doesn’t touch the water, otherwise the chocolate will burn. Place the bowl into the saucepan and make sure the water isn't touching the bowl. Pour out some water if the water is touching the bowl.  Grating the cocoa butter will help it melt faster.You can also cut the cocoa butter into small chunks if you prefer. When the water is boiling, place the cocoa butter into the top of the double boiler. Use the metal whisk to stir it frequently as it melts.   It’s important that you don’t use wooden utensils to make chocolate, because the wood can still contain moisture from the tree, and this can leach into the chocolate, changing its composition.Some recipes call for coconut oil instead of cocoa butter, but coconut oil will result in an oily chocolate that isn't as smooth, rich, and creamy as chocolate should be.  Once the cocoa butter has melted, add the cocoa powder and whisk to combine. When the cocoa powder melts and the mixture starts to take on a glossy appearance, whisk it until it becomes smooth and creamy.When the chocolate is creamy and glossy, add the sugar and vanilla, and whisk to combine. Continue heating and whisking until the sugar is melted. You can use honey, maple syrup, or any other sweetener in place of the sugar.  When all the ingredients are melted and fully combined, pour the mixture evenly into your mold. Use a flat mixing spatula to distribute the chocolate in the mold if necessary.   Once the mold is full, you can sprinkle in any additional ingredients you're using, such as nuts or dried fruit. Try to distribute the ingredients evenly throughout the chocolate. You can use any mold you like for this chocolate, including a bar mold, heart shapes, or any other design. If you don’t have a chocolate mold, you can use clean ice cube trays. You can also use dark chocolate to make chocolate chips, truffles, and other delicious confections.  Set the chocolate aside to cool to room temperature, because you don’t want it to harden too quickly. Once it reaches room temperature, transfer the mold to an air-tight container and into the fridge to set for about an hour.It’s important to wait before putting the chocolate in the fridge and to put it in an air-tight container first. If the chocolate cools too quickly or is exposed to moisture, the chocolate can bloom, which is when the surface of the chocolate becomes dull and streaked., Take the chocolate out of the fridge once it has set. To get it out of the mold, place the mold upside down on a flat surface. Peel the mold away from the chocolate.   You can also put the chocolate into the freezer for five to 10 minutes then try again to peel away the mold.Gently tap the back of the mold with the but end of a kitchen knife if the chocolate doesn’t come out right away. Instead of tapping the mold with the knife, you can gently tap the entire mold against a hard, flat surface to release it.	Gather your ingredients and supplies. Heat the double boiler. Grate and melt the cocoa butter. Add the remaining ingredients. Pour the chocolate. Cool the chocolate. Remove the chocolate from the mold.
Your older dog and new puppy should first meet somewhere quiet and safe where both will feel comfortable, but which your older dog does not identify as its own space. For instance, you might want to introduce the dogs to each other at a public park or the home of a friend. Introducing your old dog and new puppy when your old dog is sleeping in its bed, on the other hand, could make it uncomfortable.Say to your older dog, “This is our new family member. Can you say hello?” in a gentle, reassuring tone. After your dogs have had 10 or 15 minutes of sniffing and studying each other together, head home. Let your older dog walk into the house first so it feels it is the leader of the new pack.  If you keep your dogs apart all the time, they will not have the opportunity to bond and get to know one another. Provide opportunities for your older dog and puppy to play and interact. For instance, put them in the same shared space – a living room or enclosed backyard is a good choice. Allow them to share experiences like going for walks or swimming in the lake. Through these social interactions, your dogs will become friends and learn to love each other.   Monitor your dogs closely for at least two weeks to ensure they don’t play too rough. Giving your dogs the opportunity to socialize doesn’t necessarily mean they will do so. They might be slow to get to know one another, but it is important to let them socialize at their own pace. Don’t force your dogs to play or interact together.  Your old dog and new puppy might roughhouse, nip at each other, or wrestle a bit when they are getting to know each other. This is normal and expected socializing behavior. It’s how doggies say, “Hi, who are you?” If your older dog and new puppy seem excited or agitated around each other for a week or so, don’t worry.   Don’t step in to intervene every time your puppy and your older dog start pawing each other. While some friction is normal, be on the lookout for more serious conflict. If either dog demonstrates growling, bared teeth, or assumes an attack position (lowered head, ears pointed back, bent forelegs, hair raised slightly on back), separate your dogs immediately and play with them one-on-one. Allow them to see and interact with each other only through a baby gate for 24 hours after a serious conflict.	Make introductions in a neutral place. Give your dogs time to socialize. Expect some friction.
When you carefully consider your abilities, you should begin to recognize your limits.; , Overconfidence is a way of depreciating other people's talents, skills, and abilities. Just because someone else can get "serious air" on an 8 foot (2.4 m) half pipe doesn't mean you can. They have paid their dues with practice, and probably lots of bruises.  Don't dive off the high board until you have made lots of trips to the low board and worked on intermediate levels.  This may be one of the most important steps in abating your overconfidence. This is not necessarily to say critics are always right, far from it. There is a possibility they are right, and because they see you from a different perspective, you should hear them out.  Overconfidence can cause you to over commit yourself. When you tell someone you will do something, be realistic in how much effort and time it will take. Promising to help paint a buddy's car, even though have never done it, may turn into a three day project if you are a victim of your own overconfidence.  Not only will this help you to shape a realistic measure of your ability, it will help you to focus on skills, strengths, or other qualities that you need to work on.  We all see superhuman feats and stunts on TV, and movies like Jackass take these to extremes, but these are accomplished by talented, unique individuals who often train all of their lives in their own disciplines. Sure, gymnasts make the parallel bars look easy, you don't know how many gallons of sweat it took to get to that level.  If you take an overconfident view of easy success, and you fail, you may become discouraged and give up too soon. Rumor has it, Albert Einstein was lousy in grade school.	Be honest with yourself first. Do not compare yourself with others. Test yourself cautiously. Listen to criticism, especially constructive criticism from people you trust. Treat commitments seriously. Take time to look at your failures, or incidences when you did not achieve your own personal goals. Keep fantasies separate from realities. Try new sports, activities, or pursuits with a goal, and work your way up to it. Remember you are a unique person with your own talents, skills, and goals, and confidence or overconfidence can be a pitfall to be avoided if you mix modesty with your enthusiasm.
It may sound silly, but in reality, it is a great boost for your relationship, which can help prevent a fight or argument.   If being around your siblings for even a short amount of time is hard for you, try starting with something simple, like chatting before you leave for school, or sitting by them at dinner.  If you're ready for something big, however, you can set aside 20 minutes or an hour a day with them. When spending time with your siblings, make it all about them.  Don't talk about you, instead ask them sincere questions about their art project, or how their math test at school went. It's important to decide whether or not you want to specifically tell them that you're working on improving this relationship.  If you think they are likely to protest or be offended by this, it's probably a good idea not to say anything.  But if your siblings whine or complain about the amount of time you spend with them, you may want to let them know that you are making a conscious effort to do better. Try to have both times that you spend with individual siblings, and times you spend with all of them.  If you worry that your siblings will fight and ruin your quality time together, however, it may be a good idea to start with just individual time.  Keep in mind, though, that by having good times with your siblings all together, you may set a good example for them.; ,   Before you speak, analyze what you're about to say, and make sure that it doesn't have a high probability of hurting someone's feelings. If you have continual problems with saying hurtful things, try being quiet for 60 seconds to let your brain calm down. When you say something rude, stop and apologize. Every time you think something you wouldn't want to say out loud, tell yourself to stop. Do not interrupt a sibling.    Try to say at least one nice thing a day to your siblings.  If you're ready for more, try saying 10 nice things, or one nice thing every time you meet. Make sure to compliment them, but be wary of saying "I like/love you because..."  This can make it seem that you will only appreciate them if they continue to do or be something. Write notes, signed or anonymous, that let your siblings know how you feel about them. Expressions of love can be as simple as "Nice shirt," "Good job," or even "Hey, how's it going?"  ,   Make a sibling's bed or clean their room. Do a sibling's chores. Give them a turn on something you're using (the phone, a game, a certain toy, etc.) Let them have part of your dessert. Agree to a certain activity with a sibling who really enjoys it.   Different things work for different people.  Here are some ideas:   Wear a special bracelet or tie a rubber band around your finger to remind yourself to be kind. Every morning, stand in front of the mirror and say, "I will be kind to my siblings today," Write down a few things you are going to do each evening or morning. Tape a note or homemade poster to your bedroom door or inside your school locker. Tell someone you trust about your plans. Constantly think good things about your siblings.	Spend more time with your siblings. Avoid criticizing or making comments that could offend your siblings. Express love. Do things to show that you care. Remind yourself about your plans.
Creating a thorough and useful self-evaluation takes time, so make sure that you schedule enough time to complete the process. If you rush through it, then you’re likely to skip over important accomplishments or growth opportunities, which makes your finished product less productive because it won’t truly reflect your career progress., Your self-evaluation must reflect that you are meeting your self-set goals and the goals of the company at-large. Most importantly, to show your organization that you are an effective employee, you must show that you are working to meet the organizational goals.Completing a self-evaluation will show you if you are on-track to meet your career expectations because you can see if all of the hard work you are doing connects back to your goals.  Based on your goals, create an inventory of all of the work you’ve done over the past year. Include things like projects you’ve completed, committees you’ve served on, and reports you’ve drafted. This list will include everything - from the client records you stapled to the committee you chaired.Assess your work materials, such as emails and reports, for examples of your work and support for your accomplishments.As you write down your accomplishments, think about how they fit in with your goals and use that to help with wording. For example, if your goal is to increase sales, and you have been calling potential clients, then you could say that you “initiated sales” or “increased point-of-sale opportunities” rather than “made cold calls”.  Because this is a self evaluation, include only your accomplishments, not those of your entire team. Demonstrate how you contributed to any team assignments, including your qualities as a team player.  Every worker has weaknesses, and honestly identifying them is the only way to overcome them. You must reflect on your struggles in order to set new goals and choose useful growth opportunities.Think about times you’ve fallen behind in your work, needed assistance, or were unsure that you completed a task correctly. Provide examples. Just as with your successes, include concrete examples to support your need for professional growth opportunities.If you’re struggling to identify your weaknesses, talk to a trusted colleague, a mentor, or your supervisor.  Record your professional development activities from the previous year, connecting them to your goals and prior weaknesses. Show how you’ve been successful at overcoming your struggles and how hard you’ve worked to become the type of employee your organization wants.   Include professional growth activities you’ve completed in your own time as well as those you did as part of your job.  The feedback that you have received over the past year will be instrumental in supporting your accomplishments and helping your identify areas for development. Remember to include feedback from your supervisor, colleagues, and clients, if it’s available.  Show your organization the unique qualities that you bring to the table. For example, do you have a varied educational background or are you bilingual? Include these traits in your self-evaluation to show your organization how you are contributing to the company culture.What makes you different as an employee? Ask yourself what characteristics you bring to the job that go beyond the job description. Since this evaluation is focused on your performance, incorporate details that demonstrate how you contribute as an individual.  Work through your list of accomplishments and develop a list of the work you performed as part of that accomplishment. Once you have an overview of the work you completed, write a brief explanation using action verbs.Action verbs show what you did in concrete terms. For example, state that you evaluated survey results, trained a new hire, or initiated a new project. Be honest. While you want to word your accomplishments in a way that reflects well on you, make sure that you are being accurate. For example, don’t record your independent work as managerial experience because you managed yourself.  Support your accomplishments with quantifiable examples, such as statistics, percentages, or calculated totals.As an example, say, “I increased my customers by 20%” or “I lowered bug reports by 15%.” You can also use straight calculations, such as “I completed five surveys” or “I averaged four customers per day.”  , Prepare a list of qualitative examples to support your accomplishments, especially in areas you were unable to provide numbers.Qualitative examples show that you took actions but are unable to show numerical data. For example, say, “I increased customer support by creating a new web app.”   Qualitative examples are great support when taking an action is meaningful, regardless of its success. For example, if you are in charge of a program to prevent teen drinking, any action you take is useful, even if you only stop one teen from drinking.  Link your positive feedback to your accomplishments to show that others have observed your successes in the workplace. Only include feedback that clearly supports an accomplishment so that your self-evaluation will be accurate and useful., Read over your self-evaluation, paying careful attention to how well you accomplished your previous year’s goals and the organizational goals. Identify gaps where more improvement is needed. Then study the struggles you identified, which will show you areas you need to improve., Based on your identified gaps and struggles, develop new professional goals for the upcoming year. Aim for two new goals, and remember that you will continue to work toward your organization's goals.As you set your goals, remember that you will need to show support for your accomplishment of the goals and that you will need to be able to take growth initiatives. Write your goals in a way that allows for you to meet those demands.  Schedule a meeting with your supervisor to review your results. Be prepared to explain the information you’ve included. Show them your initial new goals, and explain why you’ve chosen this focus for the upcoming year., Once your supervisor has reviewed the results of your self-evaluation, ask for areas of improvement and areas where you’ve demonstrated success. Ask them what they think of your initial new goals, and allow them to help you reshape those goals., Discuss your previous struggles with your supervisor, and offer your ideas for the coming year’s professional growth. Listen to your supervisor’s suggestions and be open to pursuing their ideas. Show them that you are addressing your weaknesses and pursuing success.  Based on the feedback you received from your supervisor, finalize your new goals and update your self-evaluation to reflect the changes.	Set aside time. Review your goals. Catalog your accomplishments. Keep the focus on you. Explain your struggles. Explain your growth initiatives. Assemble your feedback. Differentiate yourself. Support your accomplishments. Quantify your results. Provide qualitative data. Incorporate your feedback. Review the results. Set your initial new goals. Discuss your self-evaluation. Ask for feedback. Suggest professional growth initiatives. Finalize your new goals.
You may already know exactly where you want to go to medical school, but if you don’t, you should start looking at the possibilities as soon as possible. This will be very similar to your experience searching for an undergraduate program. Don’t just pick the top medical school in the country for that reason. Instead, search for a school that will be a good fit for your long-term goals, financial limitations, and personality.There are many factors to consider. For example, some medical schools focus mostly on research while others focus on patient care. Some focus on a specific specialty and many don’t. Medical schools even vary on levels of competitiveness. For example, Johns Hopkins is famous for being cutthroat, but other universities might offer a more collaborative atmosphere. Don’t forget to consider things like location, weather, and student life. Though these may not be the top things to consider, they are still important. For example, if you cannot stand long, cold winters, a school in the Northeastern United States may not be the optimal experience for you.; , The MCAT is a written, multiple-choice examination. It looks at your ability to think critically and problem-solve, and tests your knowledge of the natural, behavioral, and social sciences. The exam usually takes about eight hours to complete. Most undergraduate students take this exam during their sophomore or junior year of college.   There is a nearly limitless amount of study material available for the MCAT. See what materials and courses are available through your university, or visit the Association of American Medical Colleges (AAMC) website to view and purchase study materials: https://www.aamc.org/.  Once you’ve made a list of all of the medical schools you believe to be a good fit, you’ll need to start the application process. If you are applying to a lot of medical schools it is important to stay organized. Take note of applications deadlines and any applications fees that must be paid.You could consider creating a folder for each medical school you want to apply to. On the front of each folder, write down the name of the school, the date the application is due, and a checklist of each document that is to be submitted as part of the application, as well as the address or website where you must submit the application. You will need letters of recommendation as part of each application. Don’t put off asking for these. Be sure to take note of whether the medical school has a template for the recommendation letters and how they are to be submitted. Make this clear to the people you will be asking. Many medical schools use American Medical School Application Service (AMCAS) and others use the American Association of Colleges of Osteopathic Medicine Application Service (AACOMAS). This is nice because these application services do some of the work for you, but they do require a $160 fee that includes one medical school. Each additional medical school you wish to apply for costs $38.  Your professors will play an important role in your medical school experience, and will also be important for landing a position in a good residency program. This is because they are often the ones responsible for writing letters of recommendation. Put your best foot forward in medical school so that your letters of recommendation will be favorable.These professors will also act as mentors, and the relationship you have with them largely depends on how you use that relationship. If you don’t take an interest in building a professional relationship with your professors, then they won’t either. You will be continually challenged in medical school. This is because professors want to see who is cut out to become a doctor and who isn’t. You will need to study the information you are learning very hard so that you can put that knowledge to use without supervision.  During your first two years of medical school, you will be required to take the first of three steps towards becoming licensed. There are two different types of licensure examinations offered in the United States: the United States Medical Licensing Examination (USMLE) and the Comprehensive Osteopathic Medical Licensing Examination (COMLEX). The USMLE is required for licensure for medical students attending medical schools that confer a Doctor of Medicine (M.D.) degree but may also be taken by medical students attending medical schools that offer a Doctor of Osteopathic Medicine (D.O.) degree. The COMLEX is required for licensure of DO medical students. Both examinations are taken in three stages (known as levels or steps). The first stage of each series of exams is very rigorous and includes 8-9 hours of testing on about 300 questions. This test examines your basic understanding of science and how it is applied to practicing medicine.It is important that you study extensively for this examination. Be sure to take full advantage of any study materials available to you. You can find practice materials for each step of the examination process on the USMLE and COMLEX websites: http://www.usmle.org/. http://www.nbome.org/comlex-cbt.asp  You must pass these exams in order to move on in medical school and eventually to receive a license to practice medicine.  In your third and fourth year of medical school, you will likely move your education to the hospital. In the third year, you probably won’t get much say in the rotations as all medical students are required to spend time working in each of the fundamental specialties; however, in your final year, you may get to speak up about what you’re interested in. This is when you should try to focus on cardiology as much as possible.Don’t forget that you will be required to write an essay for your residency application. During your rotations, try to keep a journal of your experiences and interactions with patients. You can then use this journal to write a great essay about why you would make a good resident in their program.  In your final year of medical school, you will complete the second of the three steps for licensure. The second step of the USMLE and COMLEX examinations are separated into two parts. The first of which tests your clinical skills (Step 2 CK for USMLE and Level 2 CE for COMLEX) through a written examination.The second part (Step 2 CS for USMLE and Level 2 PE for COMLEX) is an exam that looks at your ability to work with patients.Step two of the examination is administered over a two-day period. As with step one, you will need to prepare yourself for this examination extensively. Visit the USMLE and COMLEX websites for practice materials.  Medical school is a very challenging time in the life of a student, and you may think that you should spend all of your time studying; however, getting involved in extracurricular activities and continuing to volunteer in the limited spare time you have will continue to build your CV, and will also provide a network of mentors, friends, and peers that can provide academic and emotional support during this time.Don’t underestimate the importance of social support during medical school. Your friends, family, mentors, and peers will be vital for this. This also means that you should do your best to find the time to be something other than a medical student. For example, don’t feel bad going out to have coffee with friends sometimes.  In order to become a cardiologist, you’ll need to complete a three-year residency in internal medicine. Interviews for residency positions usually occur during December to February of your final year of medical school. The day when residency positions are announced is commonly known as “Match Day” and occurs in March of your final year of medical school.You will need to apply to residency programs around the country/world, much like you did for your undergraduate and medical programs.  The final test for licensure is usually taken at some point during the residency. The final step is a two-day exam. The first day involves a written, multiple-choice exam consisting of ~250-300 questions that test your knowledge of basic medicine. The second day involves observing your assessment skills.The first day of examination usually takes about seven hours. The second day of examination usually takes around nine hours. COMLEX Level 3 is taken in a single day  , Like the residency, the fellowship is typically also three years. During this time, you’ll likely split your work between seeing patients and learning from experienced cardiologists, and doing research.Once you have completed your cardiology fellowship, you will be able to become certified by the American Board of Medical Specialities (ABMS) and/or the American Osteopathic Association (AOA) as a cardiologist.  During your cardiology fellowship, you’ll have the chance to choose your specialty. There are several specialties that you can choose from, including: non-invasive cardiology, invasive, non-interventional cardiology, interventional cardiology, and electrophysiology.Be sure to understand that a cardiologist is not a surgical field. If you want to become a cardiac surgeon you will need to pursue a surgical specialty instead of a cardiac specialty. Pediatric cardiology is also a tract separate from cardiology, requiring three years pediatrics residency and three years pediatric cardiology fellowship.If you wish to be a pediatric cardiologist, you must pursue a pediatric specialty.  A cardiologist has a wide variety of choices when it comes to employment settings. For example, you could be employed by a government agency, a hospital, or a research lab. You could also be employed by a private practice, or you could even open up your own if you wanted to.Opening up your own medical practice is a big commitment, and may be especially challenging if you don’t have a lot of experience working as a cardiologist. Many cardiologists work in a hospital or a practice owned by another doctor to gain some experience before venturing out on their own.  Cardiologists are typically very well-paid, but it is important to understand that the amount you are paid for your work depends on a range of factors. If you work in a big city, you will probably get paid significantly more than if you live in a small town in the middle of nowhere. Keep in mind, though, that this is also due to cost-of-living factors. It will probably be tremendously expensive to buy a nice home in the middle of a big city (or even in the suburbs), but you will probably be able to afford your dream home in a smaller town on your salary.There may also be significantly more competition in a cosmopolitan city that everyone wants to live in. It’s all about comparing the advantages and disadvantages of different job opportunities. The median salary in 2014 for the lowest paying cardiology specialty was over $245,000 and the median salaries only increased from there.  Because of the prominence of heart disease in developed countries, a job in cardiology can be a busy one. On a day-to-day basis you can expect to: diagnosing heart problems, prescribing medication, conducting medical procedures related to the heart, and giving health advice to patients.Day-to-day duties can vary widely depending on the type of job you hold. For example, if you take a job that focuses on research you might not see patients at all.  Becoming a member of this association is a good idea because it helps you network with other professionals in the field, gives you access to continuing education, and will help you stay informed about new developments in the field of cardiology.You can even join the AHA while you are still a student. Memberships range in price from $78.00 up to $455.00 per year depending on the level of membership and the benefits included., The ACC is another respected organization that you might want to consider becoming a part of. As a member, you will be connected with thousands of other professionals in the field, and you will be given access to relevant medical journals, which can be very valuable.The initial cost to join the ACC is a little over $900, but the cost to maintain your membership is only around $150 per year.Note that to become a member of the ACC you will need to prove your qualifications and provide letters of recommendation.  In high school, you may not have much choice in what classes you take, but where you do have a choice, try to aim high. If your class offers AP or Honors courses, take them, especially if they are in science courses such as biology and chemistry.If your high school doesn’t offer advanced science courses, look for any advanced courses they may have. For example, courses in literature, history, or economics. AP/Honors courses may help you earn college credit, which looks great to prospective universities. Take as many courses in math and sciences as you can. You want to have a strong foundation in these subjects before entering university, if possible.  You may think your grades aren’t that big of a deal in high school, but this couldn’t be further from the truth. If you want to become a cardiologist, you will need to think about long-term consequences of your decisions, which starts with earning good grades in high school. Developing discipline when it comes to studying and doing well in academics will help prepare you for what is to come in your undergraduate classes and medical schoolIf you are struggling in a course, take steps to find a tutor, or go to the teacher after class to ask questions and get help. Most teachers will be happy to spend extra time helping you if they can see that you are taking the work seriously.  It is never too early to start thinking about where you would like to complete your education after high school. You’re going to need to complete an undergraduate degree and go to medical school. Start thinking about your long-term plans. If there is a particular medical school you’ve always dreamed of going to, look into their undergraduate programs. Make a list of things that are important to you in a university, and go from there.If you’re not sure where you’d like to go to university, then you can take a more practical approach. Think about how far you’re willing to travel for your education. In the United States, it is more affordable for most students to stay in the same state that they hold residency. Most of the Ivy League schools have great pre-medical programs, but these universities are extremely competitive (not to mention extremely expensive). You can certainly apply to these programs but consider other universities as well. While a huge university might have more resources and prestige, consider the fact that professors won’t be as accessible. You may spend four years with a professor without ever getting a chance to speak with them one-on-one. On the other hand, a smaller university may not have access to the latest educational technology, or access to top internships, but you will get to know your professors much more easily.  Once you have a list of schools you are interested in applying to, you can look into the entrance requirements for these universities. Almost all universities will require you to take the Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT) and many others will require that you take the ACT as well. Doing well on these exams can make the difference between getting into your top choice or not getting into any of your top schools so it is important to take these very seriously.There are many options when it comes to preparing for these tests. You can attend preparation courses for both the SAT and the ACT, but these tend to be expensive. You can also study on your own using one of the many study guides available. Be sure to check your high school library for these study guides before purchasing.  If you are still in high school, you should do this well before you graduate. If you have already finished high school, you can apply as soon as you have all of your application materials ready and the application period is open for your prospective universities.If you are planning to apply to several universities it is a good idea to begin preparing your materials well in advance. Make a list of required application materials for each university you want to apply to. Make note of deadlines and application fees as well. Remember that universities are looking for more than grades. Think of everything you have done that will be impressive to a university. This includes volunteer experiences as well as extracurricular activities. If you are still in high school, start work on your applications in the summer before your senior year begins.  Many students believe that, in order to get into a good medical school, you must be a pre-med major or a biology major. This is not true. More and more, medical schools are looking for students with well-rounded liberal arts education. This means that, in some cases, you could actually major in English and still get into a good medical school.If you do major in pre-medicine or biology, consider rounding out your education by taking classes in a variety of subjects. This will give you the best of both worlds by preparing you for what is to come in medical school, while also demonstrating that you’ve gained knowledge in a variety of subjects.  Volunteering is a good idea for many reasons. It gives you a chance to see what it’s really like to be a cardiologist, which can help you figure out if this is really what you want. Volunteering looks great on a CV, and it will give you experience in the field, which is valuable for many reasons. Try volunteering at a local cardiologist’s office, or any kind of medical clinic where you can gain experience.Even if you can’t find a volunteer opportunity in something related to medicine or cardiology, you can still volunteer. Look for volunteer opportunities that help people in need. For example, you can volunteer with Habitat for Humanity or at a local soup kitchen. If a university or medical school must choose between two academically impressive students, they will likely choose the student with volunteer experience. Some programs, such as Gap Medics, offer pre-medical students an opportunity to shadow doctors abroad, but you must be at least 16 years old.	Look into potential medical schools. Take the Medical College Admissions Test (MCAT). Apply to Medical School. Maintain a good relationship with professors. Prepare for the first step of your licensure examinations. Look for rotations in cardiology. Prepare for the second step of your licensure examinations. Get involved in all your school has to offer. Complete an internal medicine residency. Take the last step of USMLE and/or COMLEX. Complete a cardiology fellowship. Choose a specialty. Be aware of the types of employment available for a cardiologist. Know the average salaries. Understand the day-to-day duties of a cardiologist. Consider becoming a member of the American Heart Association (AHA). Look into joining the American College of Cardiology (ACC). Take classes in the sciences during high school. Earn good grades. Look into universities that interest you. Take required entrance examinations. Apply to your chosen universities. Don’t assume you must be a pre-med major. Volunteer.
Purchase your equipment online or at a local supplier of homebrewing and fermenting equipment. Clean your equipment and wine bottles before beginning. Avoid using soap when cleaning since this can leave a residue. Instead, use hot water and scrub with a stiff brush. You can also disinfect the equipment with a bleach solution (1/4 cup bleach for every gallon of water). You'll need:A 2-gallon (7.6 L) crock or glass jar Long wooden spoon A 1-gallon (3.8 L) carboy (a glass container with a small neck) An airlock A thin plastic tube for siphoning Clean wine bottles with corks or screw caps; , Choose pomegranates that are heavy and look deep red. If your pomegranates are small, you may want to use a few more. Wash your pomegranates and cut them in half. Scoop out all of the fruity seeds.Discard the skin and the pith since these can make your wine taste bitter.  To crush the pomegranate seeds, you may want to pulse them in a blender or food processor. Place the crushed seeds into a fermentation crock or glass jar. You'll also need to sterilize the pomegranates using a Campden tablet. Dissolve one Campden tablet in 2 cups of the crushed pomegranates. Return this mixture to to the rest of the crushed seeds.To give the Campden tablet time to work, wait 4 hours before continuing on and adding other ingredients.  Pour 1 gallon of boiling water into your container with the crushed pomegranate seeds. You'll also need to add 1 lb (450 grams) of minced raisins (choose organic so you don't get sulfites), 2 lbs (900 grams) of granulated sugar, 2 teaspoons of acid blend, and 1 teaspoon of pectic enzyme. Mix this together and let it stand until the mixture is at room temperature.This mixture containing the sweetened crushed fruit is called must. This will eventually ferment and be strained to create your pomegranate wine.  Take your teaspoon of yeast nutrient and dissolve it in one cup of liquid strained from your pomegranate mixture. Once you've stirred the yeast completely into the liquid, add the activated wine yeast to the must (the pomegranate mixture).Yeast nutrient is specially formulated to keep yeast healthy throughout fermentation.  Cover the fermenting container with your must. Place it in a warm place that's around 60 to 70 degrees F. The must should set for about five days. Stir the must two or three times a day so the solids that float to the top are mixed into the rest of the must. During this time, the liquid will begin to take on a red color.You can cover the container with a crock lid or cheesecloth secured with a rubber band. Covering the must will keep bugs out, but should also allow for air flow.  Once the must doesn't bubble very much, you can strain the solids out and siphon the fermenting pomegranate wine must into a carboy or clear demijohn. After the liquid is in your long-term storage container, fit an airlock on the top. This will release gas and keep oxygen from entering the container (which could ruin your wine). Let your wine set for a month.If you don't have an airlock, you can place a small balloon or latex glove over the opening of your carboy or demijohn. Poke 4 or 5 pin-sized holes in it and tape it over the opening. This way, gas will escape, but not let oxygen into your container.  You'll need to siphon off your wine into a clean container so that sediment is left behind. Doing this repeatedly while the wine ferments will prevent your wine from appearing cloudy or foggy. Place the syphon on the end of your carboy or demijohn and attach it to a secondary container to rack it. You should rack your wine:For the first time at one month At four months At seven months  , Wine bottles will allow you to divide and serve your wine just like a regular winery would. You can store your wine in used wine bottles you have collected. With this in mind, it's good to make a habit of collecting wine bottles over a course of months before bottling your own wine. If you don't have any bottles, you can buy them from brewing supply stores.   The typical wine bottle is 750ml. You'll need roughly five bottles for each gallon of wine you've made., Once your wine has finished fermenting and you've racked it several times so it's clear, bottle your wine. You can usually do this at one year after starting the wine. Use a siphon to move the wine from the fermenting container into your bottles. Fill your bottles partway up the bottleneck and leave a few inches for the cork at the top.Be sure to siphon the wine without agitating or stirring the wine too much. This could cause any sediment to make your wine cloudy.  Soak your corks in a mixture of water that has a Campden tablet dissolved in it. This will sterilize your corks and make them easier to insert in your wine bottles. You can insert the corks by hand or use a corking machine. If inserting them by hand, soak them for 15 minutes. If inserting them by machine, only soak them for a few minutes. Position the cork over the opening of the bottle and push down firmly using your shoulders.Some brewery supply stores rent corking machines for home use. This may be a good idea if you're trying it out for the first time. You may want to buy one if you're planning on making wine regularly.  Most wines are drunk within 12 to 18 months of bottling. You should try to drink your wine around a year after bottling it. Although if you've made several bottles, consider opening and trying your wine about 6 months after bottling. You may find that you enjoy the flavor of your pomegranate wine at this point.Wine is not meant to be kept indefinitely. Most fruit wines (including pomegranate wine) should be used within 3 to 5 years of bottling.	Gather and clean your winemaking equipment. Clean and cut the pomegranates. Crush the seeds and sterilize the fruit. Combine your other ingredients. Activate the wine yeast and add it to the must. Let the must set. Strain the must. Rack your wine. Collect bottles. Bottle the wine. Cork the wine. Allow the wine to sit for a year.
When it comes to any relationship, honesty is the best policy.   You'd like your man to be honest with you, so be sure to afford him the same courtesy. You should never withhold or hide things from your man -- you may think that you are preventing him from getting hurt or angry, but this could really backfire in the long run, when he eventually finds out.; , Kindness is an important trait in any relationship, but one that is often overlooked.   The whole "treat 'em mean, keep 'em keen" is fine for the dating scene, but doesn't really work once you're in a relationship. Being kind encompasses a lot of things -- it means being patient and understanding if your guy makes a mistake, it means doing nice things for him just because you care, and it means treating him with dignity and respect, just as you would like to be treated.  Men may not like to admit it, but most of them desperately want a little TLC every now and them.   So don't forget to express your affection by giving him a big hug and kiss when he's looking a bit down. If you're at the "I love you" stage in your relationship, don't be afraid to remind him of how you feel or feel like he's the one who has to say it first.  Very often, people in committed relationships find themselves settling into a comfortable, predictable routine.   And while this has its benefits, its nice to inject some fun into your relationship and do something spontaneous every once in a while, just to keep things interesting. Plan a romantic weekend trip for the two of you, or organize a day out to visit a museum, zoo or art exhibition. Book a sky-diving or scuba-diving experience. Get out of your comfort zone and you'll see a whole new side to your other half!  , Treating a guy well is all about loyalty -- there's no point being nice to his face, then complaining about him behind his back to family and friends.   He needs to know that you're there for him and that you have his back 100% of the time -- just like he has yours. Next time someone disagrees with your man or criticizes him for something, speak up on his behalf -- this will let him know that you're on his side.  If you want your guy to trust you 100%, then you need to afford him the same luxury. Trust is a two-way street.   Don't panic if he doesn't immediately return your call or reply to a text -- guys are forgetful about these kinds of things -- it doesn't mean he's up to something shady. If your man is open and honest with you and has never done anything to hurt you in the past, then you have no reason not to trust him. So if he wants a wild night out with the guys, you can be totally zen about it!  , Making a guy feel good about himself is an important part of treating him well. You don't want to be around someone who puts you down all the time, and neither does he.   Be considerate of his feelings -- thank him when he does something nice for you to let him know that you appreciate him, and apologize when you say something harsh or uncalled for. If he's having a hard time at work, let him know that you believe in him and have confidence in his abilities. He'll feel much better about himself afterwards.  Sometimes we all just need to vent and share our feelings with another person.   You want to be that person for your man when he needs it, so show him that he can tell you anything by being a good listener. Try not to interrupt or make any judgmental comments -- just listen to what he has to say, try to be sympathetic and offer some constructive advice.  Men are egotistical creatures, so boosting his ego with a well-timed compliment can put him on top of the world.   Tell him he looks great today, that his gym workouts are really paying off, or that his new haircut really suits him. Let him know that he's the only man for you, and that you feel lucky to have him.  Your guy should know that he can count on you no matter what and that you'll always be there for him when he needs you.   Be his safety net when he needs it -- back him up if he wants to take a risk with a new business idea, support him if he's having family issues and be his shoulder to cry on when something bad happens. Being in a loving relationship is about sticking it out through the bad times as well as the good -- so don't be a fair-weathered girlfriend!  , Treating a guy well involves doing nice things for him from time to time, so why not let yourself in on the action and plan a fun date together!   Do the classic dinner and a movie if you haven't done that in a while, or try something a bit more adventurous like going paintballing, taking a dance class or attending a concert. Even a quiet night in can be jazzed up with a few candles, some romantic music and a nice bottle of wine!  , The old saying that "the way to a man's heart is through his stomach" is pretty spot on -- so do something nice for your man by cooking him a delicious meal, whether it's an old favorite or something new and exciting.   Don't worry if you're a terrible cook -- pick a very simple but tasty recipe, like some kind of pasta dish or coconut-based curry, and give yourself lots of time to prepare. Alternatively, you could just order take-out from his favorite restaurant and serve it nicely -- from actual plates rather than plastic containers!  , You really can't go wrong with giving your man a massage, especially after a long, stressful day.   Get some nicely scented massage oil, dim the light s(or light some candles) and put on some relaxing music. Invite him to take off his shirt and lie down. Work your way up his back and across his shoulders, focusing on any knots or areas of tension. He'll feel so good afterwards he might just fall straight asleep!  , Every so often, it doesn't hurt to get all dressed up for your man and make him feel lucky to have you. You'll feel like a million dollars when you see the appreciative look on his face!   Do all the things you used to do when you first started dating -- spend three hours getting ready if that's what it takes -- shaving and moisturizing and applying makeup and curling hair. Put on your best dress and a pair of killer heels -- now you're all set for whatever the evening may bring , whether it's a night on the dance floor or a romantic evening at home.  Nearly all men appreciate when a woman has an adventurous side in the bedroom, so unleash yours and watch your guy become putty in your hands!.   Try taking the lead if you're normally the one who just goes with the flow -- experiment with tying your man down or handcuffing him to the bed if that's what he's into. Remember that sexual intimacy is an important part of any healthy relationship, so don't withhold sex if you're feeling angry -- work things out in the bedroom!	Be honest. Be kind. Be loving. Be spontaneous. Be loyal. Trust him. Make him feel good. Be a good listener. Boost his ego. Let him know he can count on you. Plan a fun date. Cook for him. Give him a massage. Look your best. Be adventurous in the bedroom.
To turn mercury into gold, you will need the following:  Mercury (duh....). Get as much as you can, because it's not very efficient. A neutron source. Ideally you need a particle accelerator (or a nuclear reactor). A neutron moderator. Water (yes, the stuff out of a tap) works pretty well. Neutron shielding, reflecting and collimating equipment Nitric acid; , The neutrons from the source need to pass through the collimator (a thing that makes them go in straight lines) and the moderator (something that slows them down so that they react better) and finally into the mercury. Set up the neutron reflectors around the mercury (so that any escaping neutrons are reflected back) and then surround the whole thing with shielding., Ideally, you want to hit the mercury with a short, very intense burst of neutron radiation., Here's what's happening:  Ordinary mercury contains seven isotopes: Hg-196, Hg-198, Hg-199, Hg-200, Hg-201, Hg-202 and Hg-204. When it absorbs a neutron, Hg-196 becomes Hg-197. Hg-197 decays into gold. As a by-product, Hg-202 and Hg-204 become Hg-203 and Hg-205, which decay into thallium. Other isotopes change into each other and remain mercury.  After the neutron burst, the reaction that produces gold has a half-life of 64.14 hours. If you wait this long, half of the Hg-197 will have become gold., After the reaction, the mixture should largely contain mercury, with some thallium isotopes, and gold. Nitric acid will dissolve mercury and thallium, but not gold., You should be left with gold.  And now for the bad news: Hg-196, the isotope converted to gold, comprises 0.15% of natural mercury. Assuming perfect conversion to Hg-197, then after one half-life (half of the Hg-197 decays), a kilogram of mercury will give you... 0.73 grams of gold. That's right, you get less than three-quarters of a gram of gold per kilo of mercury.	Gather the equipment. Configure the equipment. Fire up the accelerator. Understand the science!, Wait. Treat the mixture with nitric acid. Filter off the mercury and thallium nitrates.
Modern slings are much more comfortable, ergonomic, and protective than what most individuals can craft. However, arm injuries can happen and you may have to improvise. If you are injured in the wilderness while on a camping trip, if may be impossible to obtain cloth to make the sling above. It is certainly better than no sling at all.  Use a sweater, sweatshirt, button-up shirt, or other long-sleeved garment. Tie the garment's sleeves behind your head and carefully insert your injured arm through the loop formed. Allow the clothing material to support the weight of your arm somewhere along the forearm or wrist - wherever is comfortable.   Try to adjust the length of the garment's sleeves that your knot allows to hang so that your arm can hang at a roughly 90 degree angle (horizontal to the ground). If you have safety pins handy, you may want to try "closing" the fabric of the long-sleeved garment around your elbow as a makeshift backstop for your sling as described in the method above.  One piece of clothing seemingly tailor-made for improvised slings is the belt, due it having the built-in ability to form a loop with an adjustable size. Secure the belt buckle behind your neck and slip your arm through the loop formed by the rest of the belt. Allow your arm's weight to be supported by the belt along the forearm or wrist. Tie or fasten the belt behind your neck so that your arm is supported at a 90 degree angle.   The belt's buckle can be uncomfortable against the back of the neck, so may want to shift the belt so that the buckle is in the length of belt stretching between your arm and neck. You can also put padding between the belt and your neck for greater comfort.  If you're injured in an office setting or while wearing formal ware, a necktie can suffice as a makeshift sling until a real one is available. As with the methods above, simply tie the necktie behind in a simple knot your neck and pass your arm through the loop formed. Adjust the positioning and length of your makeshift sling so that your arm hangs at a 90 degree angle.  Duct tape can be used very effectively to help immobilize the arm. It has strength, flexibility, and a fabric-like quality which lends itself quite well to this situation.   A loop of duct tape can substitute for a belt or tie, supporting the wrist, arm, and elbow. Duct taping the injured arm to the torso can help reduce movement. Be sure to avoid getting duct tape residue on the skin. Duct tape should be faced so that it does not adhere to the skin.  The types of situations in which you'll need to make a sling from your clothing are usually situations in which actual medical care is for some reason unattainable. If your injury is at all serious or persistent, seek the help and advice of a trained medical professional as soon as you can. Improvised slings are usually better than no sling at all, but they are no substitute for a real sling (to say nothing of the other treatments for an injured arm that a hospital can provide). It's better to be safe than sorry - don't risk worsening your arm injury by neglecting to show it to a doctor.	Improvised slings are not as good as professionally-designed slings. Use a long-sleeved garment as a sling. Use a belt as a sling. Use a tie as a sling. Duct tape. Seek medical attention (and/or a real sling) immediately.
Depending on the cardboard scraps you have, here are some suggested preparation methods (in each case, try to make the resulting circles evenly sized):   If you're using cardboard cut from cardboard tubes/rolls, cut the card pieces down to similar size to form even, shorter circular shapes. If you're using cardboard strips, cut to even size and roll into circular shapes. Glue or staple into place. Allow to dry before using. If you're using corrugated cardboard, roll into circles in a spiral fashion (as pictured above). Glue or staple into place and allow to dry before using. If you're using old cards (for example, Christmas cards), cut the cards into even strips and roll into circular shapes. Glue or staple into place and allow to dry before use.; , Take the different circles made from the cardboard scraps in the first step and create a wreath circle on a flat surface. Shift the circles around until you're satisfied with the design you've created.  Taking care to keep the overall shape, glue each circle together until the entire wreath forms. Let dry.  Tie a bow from ribbon and glue to the top of the string where it has been knotted, to cover the knot.  Done.	Prepare the cardboard. Arrange the wreath shape. Glue the circles together. Attach string or ribbon to the "top" of the wreath to make a hanger. Hang the wreath up.
You can use compilers on the internet if you can't download one.; , Brainf**k converts letters and symbols into their ASCII value, and stores them in this form. You'll need to be able to look up the values for letters while you are programming.  Imagine a ribbon of paper, divided into squares. The ribbon is one square wide, but an infinite number of squares long. In each square, you can put a number. Now imagine that you have a pointer (e.g. a pencil) that can point to ONE of the squares. Brainf**k can move the pointer back and forth along the ribbon, change the value in the square that the pointer is pointing to, and go around in loops.  The pointer is pointing to a particular square. < moves the pointer to the square before the current one. > moves it to the square after.  + increments (adds one to) the value of the current square. - decrements (subtracts one from) the value of the current square.  A full stop . is the output command. This reads the number in the current square, then outputs the corresponding ASCII character (this is why you need the ASCII table).  A comma , is the input command. This will ask you to input a string of characters. It will take the first character and store it's ASCII value in the current square, overwriting any value already there.  Otherwise, it will continue to the next instruction. When the program encounters a ], it will skip back to the corresponding [ Loops can be nested (placed one inside the other).  If you understand the instructions above, you should be able to figure out how it works. It will print Hello World! on the screen.   ++++++++>+>+>->>+<-]>>.>---.+++++++..+++.>>.<-.<.+++.------.--------.>>+.>++.  There are many derivatives of brainf**k. Some of them add new features. Others simply replace the instructions with different words.   Ook! is a simple derivative of brainf**k. It doesn't change any instructions, it just replaces them with ooks. Here's the translation: < = Ook? Ook.   > = Ook. Ook?   + = Ook. Ook.   - = Ook! Ook!   . = Ook! Ook.   , = Ook. Ook!   = Ook? Ook!      Ook! was designed to be read by orangutans (as a joke). Blub is another simple derivative. It's exactly the same as Ook!, just swap the word Ook for the word Blub e.g. [ = Blub? Blub!      As Ook! was designed for orangutans, Blub was designed for fish.	Get a brainf**k compiler. Get a copy of the ASCII codes. Understand how brainf**k operates. Understand what < and > do. Understand what + and - do. Understand how brainf**k outputs characters. Understand input. Understand loops. Look at an example program. Get to know the alternatives.
From your home screen, swipe down at the top of your screen to bring up your notification tray. Near the top left should be a button that says “All Settings,” tap this to enter the settings menu.   Alternatively, if you are running older versions of Windows Phone, from your home screen, swipe to the left to bring up your app menu. Scroll through to find Settings, and tap to open when you find it.; , You should now see a long list of different settings available to you. Scroll all the way to the bottom of this list to find “Extras+info.” It should be the third option from the bottom. Tap to open.   This page will show very specific information regarding the version of the Windows Phone you are running (“Cyan,” “Denim,” and so on), the amount of RAM the device is using, as well as the version numbers of the different software and firmware being used (Silent Installer, Firmware Update Notifier, etc.). If you know the version number you are looking for, you should be able to find out here if you are up-to-date. If this is not the information you are looking for, continue to the next step.  From the Settings menu, scroll through and select the “Phone update” option. There should be a “Check for updates” button at the top of this page. Tap this to check if your Windows Phones is up-to-date. It should say “Checking for updates …” Then it should say “Your phone is up-to-date. Last checked 2 seconds ago” when it’s finished.  If there is an update available for your device, it will be listed where the “Check for updates” button used to be. If you choose to proceed with the update, it is suggested to charge your phone and make sure to have it connected to a Wi-Fi network to avoid data charges.   Tap the “Download” button to continue once it appears. It will begin downloading and installing the update for your device.	Open the Settings menu. Open the “Extras+info” option for detailed info. Open the “Phone Update” option. Update your phone.
; , A wooden spoon with a sturdy handle is a good idea, since it will help you mix the dough into a uniform consistency. Be careful though - you don't want to over-mix the dough!  ,   You can spray the sheet with cooking spray or brush it with oil. Two soup spoons or teaspoons can be used to drop round blobs of about the right size onto a cookie sheet fairly quickly. Leave a couple inches between adjacent cookies and don't pack them together too closely. They will tend to spread out somewhat as they bake, and it helps them to bake evenly if there's space in between.  This achieves that crisscross pattern characteristic of peanut butter cookies. If you don't do this, the balls will still spread into a cookie shape, but you won't have the pattern on top. ,,	Preheat the oven to 375 °F (191 °C). Measure the ingredients straight into a large bowl and mix them together. Roll the dough into walnut-sized balls and place them on a lightly greased cookie sheet. Use a fork to press into each of the dough balls, then turn the cookies 90 degrees and press again. Place the cookie sheet in the preheated oven and bake for ten minutes.  , Cool for two to three minutes on the sheet, then transfer the cookies to a rack to cool for another 5-10 minutes before digging in.  , Finished.
Your child learns by observing your actions. While you might sometimes feel like yelling or showing your child that you are really angry, you should try to stay calm in the face of his bad behavior. When you yell and get angry, you are showing him that it is ok to sometimes act out in that way.Instead of yelling or showing your anger, calmly approach your child and tell him—again calmly—that his bad behavior has made you really upset.; , It is important to remember that it is not necessary to correct every single thing that you child does wrong. When you constantly are telling your child he has done something wrong, or disciplining him for a bad behavior, may cause your child more stress. When a child with bipolar disorder gets stressed, it is more likely that he will act out.Take a step back and consider what things your child does need to be controlled, and what can be ignored. Sometimes little moments of acting-out that don’t affect anyone can be ignored. Talk to your partner and make a decision about your child’s specific actions and which ones you want to discourage.  Once you decide which behaviors you are going to discourage, reinforce, or ignore, you need to stick to that decision. Bipolar disorder can often create a feeling of needing control or consistency so when you are consistent with your disciple, your child will understand what is happening better than if you sometimes disciplined his behavior and sometimes ignored it.Remember that, like children without bipolar disorder, your child will most likely test the limits of your disciple. Try to be as consistent as possible and continue to discourage or encourage as different behaviors occur.  Children who have bipolar disorder tend to show a heightened awareness of fairness, particularly when it comes to discipline. Like any other child, your bipolar child probably won’t like the disciple you dish out, but he will be more likely to accept it if he thinks it is fair. Come up with logical forms of disciple that relate directly to your child’s bad behavior. Think of this as a consequence that ‘fits the crime’.For example, if your child is handling a toy really aggressively and starts banging it on the ground, tell him that it is going to break and that he will not get a new one if it does break. If it does break, tell him again that he is not going to get a new one, and take the broken toy away.  If your child understands that a certain type of behavior is not simply “bad”, but rather that it affects others in a negative way, he will think twice before behaving that way again. Children can find it challenging to put themselves in another person’s shoes and understand how their words or actions might be hurtful or harming to those around them.   You can use dolls, drawings or any other sort of creative, playful activity to reenact the situation. You child is likely to show you a lot more about his feelings when playing, as opposed to talking. Act out the ‘bad’ thing that your child did, and then show him how is action affected you or others around you. You can also use exaggerated facial expressions to make your child understand how his ‘bad’ actions made you or someone else feel .	Resist the urge to yell or get visibly angry. Pick your battles. Be consistent with the things that you reprimand your child for. Discipline your child with logical consequences for his actions. Do not blame your child, but make him understand that what he has done is wrong.
This will help catch medical problems before a condition becomes severe. At the exam, you can talk with the vet about any concerns you have about your cat's health or care. Mention if you notice anything different with your cat, such as the way she's meowing, walking, eating or acting. At the exam, your cat's vaccines will be updated and a stool sample will check for internal parasites. Your cat will be treated for any conditions.Your vet may recommend more testing to check for other parasites, heart function, kidney function, or for diabetes. Older cats should be examined twice a year, since they're more prone to diseases.; , If you've just gotten kittens, taken them to the vet within the first week of getting them.They need to see the vet more frequently than adult cats starting at around 8 weeks old. They'll need 2 to 3 visits for their vaccination series (distemper and rabies at a minimum). At the first visit, the vet will talk with you about particular risks your kittens face for other diseases, like feline leukemia.   Your kittens probably have roundworms, which can stunt growth and may be transmitted to people. Your vet will recommend treating them with oral medications.  If your cat becomes sick, you may need to take her to the vet. It's a good idea to save up money for such illnesses or emergencies. Some vets accept pet insurance, which provides some coverage in the event of an unplanned medical visit. While signs of illness can vary between cats, contact your vet immediately if you notice changes in:Eyes: discharge, redness, squinting, rubbing at eyes, cloudiness Ears: itchiness, discharge, foul smell Breathing: sneezing with discharge, persistent cough, difficulty breathing/catching breath Skin: lumps or bumps, swelling,excessive/persistent itching, wounds, redness, yellow discoloration Urination: bloody urine, straining when urinating, excessive urination, spraying Digestion: vomiting, loss of appetite, diarrhea, constipation General: malaise/lethargy, restlessness, seizures, confusion  , Spaying a female cat and neutering a male cat will help with behavior issues such as roaming and the tendency to spray urine. It can protect your cat against a number of diseases including mammary gland tumors, ovarian cancer, uterine cancer, and testicular cancer.Also, it will decrease the number of unwanted litters of kittens.   If you have kittens, your vet will probably recommend that they be spayed or neutered anywhere from two to six months of age.  If your cat has long fur, use a pin brush to work through the long coat. A flat and slicker brush works better for short fur. You can also use a smaller, triangular shaped brush for smaller areas, like around her face and ears. If you want to use a comb, choose a wide-toothed comb for long fur, and a fine-toothed one for short fur. You may want to buy a smaller and gentler brush for a kitten.   This is a great time to check your cat for fleas and check for lump and bumps on the skin. Grooming is very important since it strips out dead hair, prevents hairballs, stimulates your cat's' blood flow, and provides good bonding time for you and your cat., Use a soft-bristled toothbrush and veterinary toothpaste (not human, since fluoride is toxic to cats). Start by offering your cat a taste of the vet toothpaste. The next day, let her taste the toothpaste and run your finger along the gums of her upper teeth. Do this again the following day with the toothbrush, making small circles working back to front. Gradually, brush a little bit at a time, working the bristles along the gum line and slightly angled up and under the gum line. It should take you less than 30 seconds to brush your cat's teeth.   Dental care is important for good health, since many diseases are linked to poor teeth care and gum disease. Bacteria and plaque can enter the bloodstream and rest of the body, leading to heart and kidney disease,mouth pain, poor eating, and tooth loss.  Even with tooth brushing, some cats may still need an occasional professional cleaning. While brushing reduces the plaque and buildup on the visible surfaces of the teeth, it cannot get to the buildup just under the gum line.A dental cleaning also gives the veterinarian an opportunity to fully examine the cat’s mouth—an impossible task unless the cat has been sedated which happens during a dental cleaning.  Make sure your cat has some space of her own. She should have a soft, comfortable space that offers her a bit of privacy. This way, your cat can retreat when feeling overwhelmed, or have a relaxing place to sleep. Offer soft blankets or pillows so that your cat can have a warm place to snuggle.Wash your cats pillows or bedding on a regular basis.  Make sure to clean it every day, since cats prefer a clean bathroom. A clean litter box will attract a cat. But, a dirty one might repel her and make her look elsewhere to relieve herself. If you have more than one cat it is a good idea to have more than one litter box (placed in different areas of the house) in order to prevent any “turf” guarding of the box by one cat.For example, if you have 2 cats, you should have three litter boxes available. Avoid placing the litter box in a busy area or near noisy appliances, which may scare your cat. Your cat should be able to easily access the litter box., Ask your veterinarian to suggest a quality cat food specific for your cat. Follow the feeding instructions on the package of cat food you select. Cats are usually fed according to age, weight, and activity levels. They generally like to eat small meals throughout the day.Don't feed your cat human food, unless you've discussed it with your vet. Some human foods can make a cat very sick or are toxic.   Cats need animal derived food since they're carnivores. This means they need animal derived food to get essential amino acids, components of protein. If they don't get them, they'll develop severe health consequences.Always offer fresh water, not milk which cats have a hard time digesting., If your cat does not have access to ad lib feeding of dry food, consider feeding 2 - 3 small meals spaced over the day. If you feed specific canned meals, throw any uneaten food away after 30 minutes. You can also choose to feed your cat dry food, which can be left out. Offer your cat treats every once in a while. Give her fresh fruit or vegetables, like cooked broccoli, corn, or cantaloupe. Avoid packaged treats which don't offer many nutrients.If you have young kittens (6 to 12 weeks old), feed them 4 times a day. Older kittens (3 months to 6 months) should be feed 3 times a day.  If your cat is new to you, or is simply shy around other cats, never force your cat to interact or play. Instead, start slow and follow your cat's cues. Let your cat become familiar with you or the other cats. Simply spend time sitting around your cat. Avoid standing over your cat, which may intimidate her. Once your cat starts feeling more comfortable with her environment, she'll begin to approach you or the other cats.   When your cat approaches you, let her get closer to sniff you. You might encourage her to come to you by placing treats in your hand., Help your cat get needed exercise by being your cat's personal trainer. Use toys like feathers, fake mice, or even a rolled up piece of paper to get your cat to run around. Toys are a great incentive to get your cat moving. Try tossing small toys for your cat to hit and chase. If you're too worn out to play, use fishing pole style toys or pocket flashlights to give your cat a workout.   Playing with your cat every day will help alleviate your cat's need for your attention., Your cat should have plenty of objects to play with on her own. A useful and fun object is a scratching post or tree she can climb. Cats love tall places and love to scratch. A large, sturdy cat tree will not only give a place to scratch, but will let her climb and enjoy a bird's eye view of her surroundings.Try placing a cat tree or tower near a sunny window. The view will also give your cat something interesting to look at.  This is especially important if your cat is strictly an indoor cat and can't chase or forage for food. Try putting your cat's food in different containers and cut holes in the sides. Place some of the cat's food in the containers, letting her shake and roll the containers to get to the food.This keeps your cat active and engaged, which can prevent boredom and unhappiness., While cats are often solitary creatures, they do enjoy the company of other cats. This doesn't just mean you should place two cats together without properly socializing them. Instead, let your current cat get used to the new cat's scent by offering a cloth the new cat has slept on or letting her sniff around a room that the new cat has been in. You should also play with them separately for a while, so they learn to associate the scent with something positive.   Take care to offer food in separate bowls, but set the bowls next to each other. That way, the cats will spend time enjoying each others company while they eat.	Take your cat to the vet for annual check-ups. Take kittens to the vet early for preventative care. Know when to get special medical treatment for your cat. Get your cat spayed or neutered. Groom your cat often. Brush your cat's teeth. Get your cat's teeth professionally cleaned. Create a nurturing space for your cat. Set up a litter box. Learn what your cat needs to eat. Feed your cat regularly. Let your cat set the pace. Play with your cat every day. Offer equipment for your cat to play on. Get your cat to play with her food. Introduce your cat to new pets.
The most important person to consider is the patient/loved one for whom the decision needs to be made. What are their wishes, what would they want? What have they said in the past about life support, death and dying?; , The hardest thing is putting your own wants, and the need to hold on to that person, aside, and deciding in the best interest of the patient/loved one. No one wants to lose a loved one, but is holding on to a person in a vegetative state, or putting someone through pain and suffering to keep them alive, what they would want?  , Ask questions about quality of life, potential outcomes, and alternatives. Don't expect your physician or the nurse to say how long a person has to live, since no one knows that but a higher power.  There is no right or wrong choice. Some people are kept alive until their body won't function any more. Some people are taken off life support and life-sustaining treatments like ventilators, dialysis, and tube feeding and allowed to go peacefully in their own time. ,   DNR (do not resuscitate) means nothing will be done to bring this person back if their heart stops or they quit breathing. They will be allowed to die without any measures to keep them alive. They will not have a tube put down to help them breath, they will not have someone compressing their chest to make their blood flow, and they will not be given medications to sustain life. They will still be kept comfortable, and any pain medications and treatments they are already receiving to keep them comfortable can be continued. DNI (do not intubate) means everything will be done to keep them alive except placing a tube down into their lungs and being placed on a ventilator to breathe. Chest compressions will still be done, and medicine will still be given. Consider comfort care only. You can specify that you only want measures taken to keep your loved one comfortable. No lab work, finger sticks, x-rays, or other procedures will be done. Only pain medicine and medicine to assist with comfort will be given. If you have a loved one in a nursing home or assisted living and they have a DNR or DNI status, obtain an armband, necklace, bracelet, or some kind of identification that states this. Many times when a resident collapses or goes into distress, the staff will not immediately remember the code status of the patient. If the patient has this identification on them and emergency personnel are called to the scene, it may prevent a person from having life sustaining measures done to them when they do not wish them done.  Discuss these issues with other family members and try to come to an agreement on what you want, keeping the loved one's wishes in mind. Feel free to ask doctors and nurses any questions you may have.  If you have a loved one with cancer or a disease that may be life ending, find a time when you can discuss what their wishes are. Even if your loved one is perfectly healthy, having this discussion is important. No one likes to talk about death and dying, and surely not their own death, but it makes it so much better for the families when they know they are doing what their loved one wanted.	Consider the patient. Put your own needs aside. Talk to the physician, hopefully more than one. Make a decision based on what you believe your loved one's wishes would be. Never regret your decision, it was the best decision you could make at the time.  , Learn about DNR, DNI and comfort care directives. Know that these decisions are yours to make - nurses and doctors can not make them for you. Don't wait until the last minute to discuss this.
Keep heavy items locked away or well out of their reach. If oven doors are not lockable, buy a latch to keep them shut unless you want to watch your child at all times when baking.; , They can bang on pans or sort your plastic storage containers while you cook or clean. If children cannot get into anything, they will find ways to get around your child-proofing measures. , Toddlers are not as sure of themselves when walking as older children, so it is especially important to ensure that the floors are dry and not slippery. If your bathroom floor has very slippery tile, it would be a good idea to put down rugs with a plastic gripping material on the back.  They could easily slip and hurt themselves. If the tub is slippery, using items like textured bath stickers or mats could help keep toddlers safe. Always supervise young children closely when in the bath because they can drown in only inches of water.  If your toddler is the curious type, an open door is an open invitation to trouble. Make sure you close and lock any doors to the outside or to unsafe areas. Use baby gates to help you close off dangerous areas that don't have doors, including stairways. Supervise children well when they're roaming around.  This will also prevent these items from falling on your child in the case of an earthquake other other disaster.  Toddlers will trip and fall often, but will do so less if the floor is clean and free of debris. Vacuuming and dusting often will also prevent toddlers from getting as many allergic reactions and other respiratory illnesses.	Use cabinet and drawer child latches to keep little hands out of poison and sharp items. If you can, leave some items accessible to toddlers that are safe. Make sure all toilet and shower cleansers are locked up, just like detergents and other chemicals in the kitchen.  , Keep the floors dry. Do not allow your toddler to stand or engage in horseplay while taking a bath. Take safety precautions for doorways and stairways. Make sure any furniture that children can climb (such as bookcases or entertainment centers) are affixed to the studs in the walls. Put toys and other items away often.
If you want healthy-looking, strong nails that will look clean and stay clean, mix a paste of baking soda and hydrogen peroxide, using about 2 1/2 tablespoons of baking soda per tablespoon of hydrogen peroxide to create a paste. Spread the paste on and underneath your nails, then rinse and pat dry.          Applied weekly, this mixture helps to keep your nails white and luminescent, especially after having used a darker nail polish.Alternatively, try using whitening toothpaste in the same way. The active ingredients are essentially the same, if you're not interested in mixing up a batch of the home-made stuff.  To keep your nails pliable and free of cracks and other problems, it's a good idea to moisturize them regularly with aloe, cocoa butter lotion, or even natural oils like olive or coconut. These natural treatments won't necessarily change the look of your nails, but will help to keep them soft and pliable over the course of the week.  If you have yellowish nails, it can be the result of either smoking, stain from polish, or a fungal infection, which can be difficult to treat and get rid of. Tea tree oil, however, is a natural fungicide with antimicrobial and antiseptic properties, while lemon juice or lemon essential oil has citric acid which helps to whiten nails back to their original luster.          If you have yellow nails, try using an eye dropper to drop a small amount of tea tree oil onto each of your nails and let sit for 5 minutes, then rinse. Apply lemon juice in the same way, rinse, and clean your hands normally.  While it might sound strange, tablets used to make denture-cleaning solutions are high in citric acid and sodium bicarbonate (baking soda), which can be used to clean, whiten, and otherwise improve the look of your nails. Instead of soaking false teeth, soak your fingernails.  Apple-cider vinegar is rich in malic and acetic acids, which have cleansing and anti-fungal properties which can help to whiten nails and keep them from infection and discoloration. Dilute vinegar with an equal part of clean water and soak nails for up to 20 minutes.  There are a lot of misconceptions about natural remedies for strengthening your nails, but the only sure way to do it is to introduce supplements into your diet. The only supplement that has been proven to strengthen nails is biotin, which takes an average of six months to show any effects.Most home remedies like applying garlic, or eating more protein, will not help your nails to grow faster or stronger., If you regularly wear nail polish, you can stain and weaken your nails in the long-term, even if you thoroughly clean them between applications. It's a good idea to let the nails build back up some strength and healthy color about once a year or so, keeping polish off them for a month or two.   Instead of applying polish, use the chance to really pamper your nails, applying coats of homemade cleansers and whiteners to get your nails looking good again. It's also important to always clear-coat your nails before adding colored polish to keep them from staining as easily as they might otherwise.	Apply baking soda to whiten. Moisturize your nails every week. Treat yellow nails with lemon juice or tea tree oil. Use denture-cleaning solution on your nails. Try apple-cider vinegar. Use supplements to strengthen nails. Give yourself periodic vacations from polish.
Clock insert for the hockey puck. From a craft supply store.; , An inexpensive press is just fine for this project. Forstner bit for the drill press, same size as base of the clock insert. See "tips" for an example of standard dimensions. A Forstner bit is designed to "sweep out" the region it is drilling. You can also do the job with an ordinary hole saw and a gouge, but it would be lots more work.    Remember your high school geometry? If so, you can use that technique. Or just use a ruler, and estimate the centre location. Measure the distance from the estimated centre location to the edges of the puck, and keep moving the estimated centre, until you get the puck centre located. Lines on the puck should, ideally, be kept to the central region so they will disappear when you drill out the hole for the clock insert. , You do not need speed, as hockey pucks are soft compared to metal. Rather, you are looking for accuracy. Also, using a slow speed means less risk of melting the edge of the hole.  You do not want to drill all the way through. , The exact depth depends upon the clock insert you are using. , You are done!	Obtain materials:   Hockey puck. Obtain access to tools:   Drill press. Find the centre of the hockey puck. Insert the Forstner bit into the drill press.  , Set the drill press speed slow. Set the drill press depth so it will only drill out about 8mm (3/8-inch) deep into the hockey puck. Use clamps, a drill press vise, or other mechanism to hold the puck securely on the drill press, with the centre of the puck exactly positioned under the centre of the drill bit.  , Drill the hole for the clock, to a depth of only 8-9 mm. Clean up the puck, and erase any pencil lines.  , Set the clock, insert it into the hockey puck.
Familiarize yourself with how shorthorns look by studying images online. You'll be introduced to their basic characteristics as well.   You can also order a book on shorthorns. One such book is: A Field Guide to Cows: How to Identify and Appreciate America's 52 Breeds.; , Shorties (a slang term for shorthorns) tend to have the same kind of muscling that you will find in Angus, Red Angus, or Hereford cattle.   Shorties are a British breed and tend to be smaller, less muscular and not as lean. However, some bulls (often the best ones) can be quite deep, long, and muscular, with a lot of muscling on the hind quarters and shoulders. Well-conditioned cows can be the same way, but are not as massive as bulls. Bulls are medium-sized animals, typically weighing about 990kg. Cows weigh slightly less at 800kg.Shorthorn have moderate frames that are rectangular and low. Their backs tend to be wide and deep, as do their forequarters., Contradictory to their name, some shorthorns are naturally polled (without horns). Bloodlines vary greatly and are the determining factor for whether cattle will have horns or not.This breed is also less wide in the forehead, particularly between the ears. Shorthorns look finer in the head and are somewhat longer from poll (horn) to nose.  Shorthorns are still considered to be one of the best breeds to raise on ranch-like conditions because of their excellent forage convertibility, great maternal traits, and ruggedness.   This breed is also recognized for its docility traits. Though shorthorn bulls are considered quieter than other breeds, caution should always to be taken regardless of the reputation., Red shorthorns range from deep red to brownish-red and may have white specks on various parts of their body.   Look for white on their belly, from the brisket to the hind legs and possibly on their foreheads. In crossbred cattle it's the red shorthorns, which are most often used to help maintain those solid colored cattle., The white shorthorn is most often used to breed with females, which is referred to as a crossing bull.White shorthorns are predominately white. However, they may have a few visible red hairs. Look for their hair to be medium in length and soft.  Roan shorthorns have a more interesting pattern. Most are red from their head to their shoulders, while the rest of their body is roan.   You can often find splashes of red and white on their lower body, legs, and possibly the rump as well. There are all sorts of possibilities for coloration on the roan shorthorn cattle. Even Googling the word "shorthorn" and looking at the images will give you an idea of the variety of interesting patterns you may find on a roan shorthorn. Look for a large star or diamond of white on their foreheads with red from the rest of their heads to the base of their necks.  Do a Google search for, “local farms with shorthorn cattle.” Check out their website to see if they allow visitors.   If their website doesn’t mention visitation hours, call the farm and ask if you can come for a visit. Explain that you’ve been studying different types of shorthorns and would like to take pictures if possible. If there’s not a farm nearby, try looking for a cattle show. Visit: https://shorthorn.org/shows to learn more about shows near you.  When you’re at the farm or fair, try your hand at spotting which types of shorthorn are present. Practice spotting white, red and roan shorthorns.   If you’re having issues differentiating between the cattle, ask the farmer or person showing the shorthorns.  Bring your camera along to the fair or farm. Always ask the person in charge before taking pictures of the animals.   Don’t get too close. It may be best to bring a long-range zoom lens with you so that you can get detailed shots without getting too close.	Start with an internet search. Look for body type. Study the head. Understand other unique characteristics. Recognize red shorthorn cattle. Learn about white cattle. Don’t forget about roan shorthorns. Visit a local farm. Try to spot the different types. Take pictures and compare notes.
You should eliminate these bombs right away as, with any level, if a bomb goes off, it's game over.; , These are the goal of your level and should be a second priority. Nothing spells rage quit more than a single block of jelly that you overlooked.  You will need a lot of luck to make it through this level. Your main combination will be striped candies, with color bombs being a heaven sent.  Check if you have a "good hand," meaning you have a lot of similar colors or not.   If it looks like a bad hand, exit the game without using a move and you won't lose a life. If you do have a good hand, proceed with the game.  Unfortunately, for jelly-covered bombs, you're only given 9 moves to eliminate them. On the plus side, they're on the same row.  Or if you already have them, bring them down and use them on the same row as the time bombs. You'll only need to do this once, and the bombs will be eliminated.  Start building more striped candies and use them on the row where the two outer jelly boxes are.  These are a huge help, especially if the jellied candy on the outside of the board are the same color.  Congratulations, you’ve won level 109!	Make jelly-covered bombs your first priority. Make jellies your second priority. Know your candy mixtures. Start your game and enter level 109. Prioritize the two time bombs at the lower half of the board. Make striped bombs. Focus on the jellies once you've eliminated the bombs. Make some color bombs if possible. Continue matching candies until you've wiped out all of the jellies.
The best way to burn more calories is to incorporate more exercise into your daily routine. Cardiovascular exercises like walking, running, swimming, and biking help you to burn calories even after you have finished. You should aim for at least 30 minutes per day, but keep in mind that the longer you work out, the longer your body will keep burning calories after you have finished., Muscle burns 2.5 times more calories than fat, so the more muscle that you have on your body, the more calories you will burn when your body is at rest. If you don’t already have a strength training regimen, add strength training into your daily routine.   Focus your strength training on large muscle groups for maximum burn, such as the thighs, arms, abdomen, back and chest., The more you move throughout the day, the more calories you will burn. Add small bursts of exercise throughout your day to increase your overall calorie burn. Park further away from the entrance at the mall, take the stairs instead of the elevator, or do some lunges or crunches during commercial breaks when watching TV., Studies show that lean people fidget for about 150 minutes a day more than obese people do. That kind of low-grade activity (tapping feet and fingers, twirling hair, gesturing while speaking, etc.) can burn 350 calories a day, which translates into 10 – 30 pounds a year! It's called Non-Exercise Activity Thermogenesis (NEAT) and it includes any movement that isn't intended as exercise. You can burn an extra 100 – 150 calories an hour by increasing NEAT.Here are some ideas:   Standing burns 50% more calories than sitting. Stand while talking on the phone, using the computer, or reading the paper. Pacing is even better. By pacing, you can burn 90 more calories an hour than if you were sitting still. Make it a habit to pace whenever you use the phone. Buy a workstation or desk that you can stand at or, if you can, set up a desk over a treadmill. By walking 1 mile (1.6 km) an hour while you work, you'll burn an additional 100 calories per hour which, if you do this for two to three hours a day, you could lose 44 – 60 pounds in a year. It's recommended that you start slowly, though, walking 15 minutes every hour and then increasing gradually. Alternatively, you can use a mini-stepper under a tall desk, or while watching TV to achieve the same results.	Incorporate at least 30 minutes of cardio into your daily routine. Add strength training to burn more calories while your body is at rest. Look for little ways to burn more calories. Fidget.
There are a lot of aspects of your appearance that you cannot control. Luckily, however, attraction is based more on those parts of your appearance that you can control.Staying neat, clean, and paying attention to your appearance will attract your husband more effectively than undertaking any drastic makeovers.Be sure that you:   Brush your teeth twice a day Shower regularly Shave or trim as appropriate Keep your hair combed and neat; , You shouldn't have to change your style to please your husband. However, having clean clothes that fit your body are key to seeming attractive.It also helps to wear clothes that are a bit more formal, so avoid sweatpants or ripped jeans.Look for comfortable, natural fabrics that are easy to care for such as cotton, wool, and silk: this will help you keep your clothes in great shape.   If you struggle to find clothes that fit, consider finding a store that specializes in your body type. The clerks should be able to guide you to well-fitting clothes that suit your tastes.  Men tend to be more attracted to women wearing red than women who wear other colors.Red evokes passionate feelings and emotions, so buy some special red clothing, undergarments, and lingerie if you want to make an impression.  Age does not do the human body any favors. You don't need to be supermodel skinny or have a six-pack to look attractive to your husband, however.Simply manage your weight through a nutritious diet and moderate exercise to keep yourself healthy and in shape.   Maintaining a healthy and moderately fit physical appearance will also help you feel more self-confident. Self-confidence is often an attractive quality. A little will usually go a long way. Take a brisk walk 20 minutes each day. Cut back on portion sizes and high calorie foods.  Good posture makes your body look its best and inspires feelings of attraction in others.Stand up straight, sit up straight, and resist the urge to slump or slouch. Keep your head up and your shoulders back in order to appear your best.  Once in a while, buy some sexy lingerie or a similarly sultry piece of clothing. Show it to your husband and let him know that you made the purchase with him in mind. You can also consider purchasing something eye-catching in his favorite color.   The way you deliver the message can have just as big an impact as the message itself. For example, casually slip your newest piece of lingerie into his hand, then silently walk away with a slight sway in your hips. Your body language can convey more meaning than the words alone would.  You don't need to completely transform your appearance: changing even one quality in a subtle way can be enough to catch your husband's eye again.Consider getting a new hairstyle, adding highlights to your hair, or treating yourself to a day at the spa to give your skin a new glow. If you don't want the expense or permanency of a bigger change, try something as simple as buying a new shade of lipstick or eye makeup.  Smiling is one of the most significant acts you can do to catch a man's eye when you're single, so it's little wonder that smiling at your man once you've married him will move him in the same way. Looking friendly, pleasant, and happy are keys to making your husband feel attracted to you.	Stay well groomed. Buy nice clothes that fit. Wear red. Stay moderately fit. Have good posture. Buy with him in mind. Give yourself a mini makeover. Smile.
Food is the primary resource required to move your way up the ages in Age of Empires 2, so make it your mission to gather as much and as quickly as you can.   At the start of the game, you are provided with a cavalry scout. Use the scout to quickly explore the area near your Town Center for food by moving him around the unexplored areas. There usually are a few sheep in the unexplored areas close to the Town Center. Send those back to the Town Center so villagers can gather food from them while easily storing it there. Also be on the lookout for cherry bushes, which are another source of food.; , Have 2 of the 3 villagers you are provided with at the start of the game gather food while the third builds two houses with the 200 Wood you are initially provided with. The houses will allow you to accommodate extra population as you try to create more villagers.   As soon as the houses are built, reassign the builder to food gathering.  Using the food gathered by the initial 3 villagers, create at least 6 more villagers.   Assign 4 of these to food gathering and 2 to woodcutting. Now you have 7 villagers gathering food.  You had 200 Wood at the start of the game, and at this point, 60 has been used to build 2 houses. Together with the Wood gathered by the two villagers assigned to the woodcutting, you should by now have around 300 Wood.   Explore the area using the scout cavalry to find the sea. Use 150 Wood to construct a fishing dock and the remainder to create two fishing ships (at 75 Wood each). Command the fishing ships to fish. You can do this by left-clicking the ship to select it and then right-clicking a part of the sea with fish (you will see them jumping about in the water).  Assign any spare villagers you have to gathering, and as soon as you have more than 500 food, go to the Town Center and click the “Age Up” button. This will start the process of advancing your colony to Feudal Age (Age II).  This resource will be needed to level up to higher ages. Just select or create a few more villagers and have them mine the boulders with yellow streaks on them, which you will find in areas nearby.  The next ages after the Dark Age that your colony is initially in are Feudal Age (costs 500 food), Castle Age (costs 800 food and 200 Gold), and finally, Imperial Age (costs 1000 food and 800 Gold). Continue having your villagers gather resources for the cost of aging up, and once you’ve had enough resources, just go to the Town Center and click the “Age Up” button.   Advancing your age in AoE2 costs significant amounts of resources (food and Gold), and the more resources you spend, the more the Tech points you will have at the end of the game. Advancing your age also makes more technologies available for researching. The more technologies you research, the more the resources you will use up, and the more the Tech points you will earn.	Use the scout to find . Assign your existing villagers to food gathering and building a few houses. Create at least 6 extra villagers. Build a fishing dock and start fishing. Advance to Feudal Age (Age II). Start gathering Gold. Advance to later ages.
It used to be that Skype had to be installed by manually downloading the binary from Skype’s website, but now you can install it from the Canonical Partners repository. Start by opening a terminal window.; , If you’re using the 64-bit version of Ubuntu, you’ll need to enable Multiarch so the program will install. At the command prompt:Type: sudo dpkg --add-architecture i386  Press ↵ Enter.  This repository, which is where Skype (and a lot of other closed-source software) is found, is disabled by default.To enable it from the command line:Type: sudo add-apt-repository "deb http://archive.canonical.com/ $(lsb_release -sc) partner"  Press ↵ Enter.  Ubuntu recommends that Skype only be installed through this repository (rather than downloading the package from Skype’s website).Here’s how:   Type: sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get install skype  Press ↵ Enter to begin the installation. When the installation is complete, you’ll return to the command line.  This will launch Skype. Follow the prompts to create your account so you can get started with video chat.	Press Ctrl+Alt+T to open a terminal window. Enable Multiarch for 64-bit Ubuntu. Add the Canonical Partners repository to Ubuntu. Install Skype from the Canonical Partners Repository. Type skype at the prompt and press ↵ Enter.
To begin, most require a B.A. in education with some focus on health, while others provide more leeway in your choice of major. Almost all states have professional development requirements that you are expected to complete in your first years as a teacher. , All states have different requirements, so be familiar with what your state wants. Study hard for these exams -- they are what will allow you to become a certified teacher. , Get a sense of what different districts want. Since health teachers typically teach other things as well, determine whether you are prepared to apply for these positions. Your ability to get a job immediately after becoming certified will depend upon the state or region in which you live. , Most states will ask for a typical resume -- make sure yours is strong. Some larger districts might also ask for extra essay questions that deal with your philosophy of teaching or why you wanted to become a teacher. , Substitute teaching can allow you to get a variety of experiences as you continue to look for full-time positions. Make contact with teachers in different districts as you go through the job search.	Familiarize yourself with the requirements of your state for becoming a teacher. Take the certification exam in the state where you want to be a teacher. Look for jobs as a teacher. Prepare your application. Sign up to substitute teach if you are not hired as a regular teacher.
Authentic logos are usually placed on the lens, arms, or inside the ear piece and use consistent size, font, and colors. Any slight error or variation could indicate your sunglasses are fake. Misspelled brand names (e.g. "Guci" instead of "Gucci" and logos are also an indication that the glasses may be fake. Before you purchase sunglasses, go to the manufacturer website and look at the markings and logos. This will help you when you make a purchase.; , Model number are consistent worldwide no matter whether you purchase the sunglasses online or in a store. Go the manufacturer website to verify the model number of the sunglasses. The model number is usually found on the frames of the glasses. Fake sunglasses may have model numbers that are not listed on the manufacturer website.  Authentic sunglasses are usually sold by an authorized website, boutique, or store. Street vendors are most likely selling counterfeit items.If the price is deeply discounted and sounds too good to be true, it probably is. Stay away from websites that do not take returns and offer no way (e.g. phone number, email address, etc.) for you to contact them.   China is hotbed for counterfeit production. Be careful when purchasing items made in China. If you purchase from a website, check out the buyers rate and the sellers' reviews. A web site selling authentic sunglasses will often have a guarantee of authenticity. Your sunglasses should look and feel like they are well made.  Words like "high quality," "cosmetic," "replica," "inspired by," are often used to when glasses are not authentic. Take note if you see any of these words being used to describe the seller or the glasses. In addition to the glasses being fake, they may shatter easily and not offer you UV protection.  There is not one simple formula to determine if the sunglasses are authentic. Use common sense and your best judgement. Adequately research the company you are purchasing the sunglasses from. It is possible to find a really good deal on authentic sunglasses. If the price is really low, examine the other factors before you make a purchase.	Examine the label and logo. Look for a model number. Buy from a reputable seller. Recognize key words. Follow your gut.
, Meanwhile, pour your heavy cream into another heat-proof bowl. In a pot, heat some water to just under boiling point. When the water is hot enough, place the bowl of cream on top. Make sure that the bowl is not touching the water.  Let it simmer there for a few minutes before bringing off the heat. Set it down and pour the chocolate into the cream. The cream will melt the chocolate due to the heat. Leave the cream-chocolate mixture for about 5 minutes.  Try to stir it together as best as you can.    The butter is optional, therefore you do not need to use it. You should add the butter if you are planning to whip the ganache to make it a thicker, more spreadable frosting-like consistency. Of course it will thicken up in the fridge (if you choose to put it in), but this entirely up to you. If you want to put your ganache in the fridge, do this now. Let it chill for about 4 hours. Then, let it come to room temperature and use for whatever you need it for.  If you want to go that extra step to make your ganache silky smooth and a perfect frosting consistency, follow through! You will need to use either a hand mixer or some kind of mixer to do this step. Whip it for a few minutes, and you're good to go!	For this decadent icing, you will need:   1 cup of chocolate, roughly chopped 1 cup of heavy cream 2 tbsp of butter  , Place your chocolate in a heat-proof bowl and set it aside. Bring the cream to a simmer. After 5 minutes, use either a wooden spoon or spatula to mix the ganache. The ganache should still be a little warm, so stir in the butter. If you want to use your ganache as it is now, feel free to do it.
; , Click on File >> New. The size doesn't matter, just create it in whatever size and format you think will work for your graphics. , This will give you the tools you need to create an area where your text art will be.  You have quite a few choices as to the types of fonts you can use and are probably only limited by your ability to download new fonts.  You will see the changes to your work as you make them.  They are as follows (from left to right):       Your text plain, shadowed, or mirrored How the color appears in the image  , Your symbols are very much font specific. If the font you are in doesn't have the symbol that you desire, check out another font. One that is all symbols is Webding and different versions of that name.  If you are going to put it on the side of a notebook or need it to be vertical, experiment with the rotation.  Click on the Fit to Text button and have your selection fit your text.  If you are using it as a type of background, you will want it pretty transparent. If you want to catch people's eye, you won't.  Once you are done editing your text, just click onto the desktop. If you need to work on it again, go to Window >> TextArt Editor.	Be sure that you have Chasys on your computer. Start a new composition. Be sure that your colors and textures (if you want them) are already enabled before using the TextArt editor.  , Click on the TextArt icon. Select a font. In the actual textbox, put in the text that you want to work with. Start working with the Render-Style parameters. Consider using symbols or webdings in your art. Decide if you need to rotate your text. Fit your TextArt selection to your text. Make your text transparent. Go back to your original graphic.
Several schools, programming companies or other sources have created websites that will very easily calculate covariance values for you. Using any search engine, enter the search term “covariance calculator.” , Read the instructions on the website carefully to make sure that you enter your data properly. It is important that your data pairs are kept in order, or you will generate an incorrect covariance result. Different websites have different styles for entering your data.  For example, at the website http://ncalculators.com/statistics/covariance-calculator.htm, there is a horizontal box for entering x-values and a second horizontal box for entering y-values. You are instructed to enter your terms, separated only by commas. Thus, the x-data set that was calculated earlier in this article would be entered as 1,3,2,5,8,7,12,2,4. The y-data set would be 8,6,9,4,3,3,2,7,7.  At another site, https://www.thecalculator.co/math/Covariance-Calculator-705.html, you are prompted to enter your x-data in the first box. Data is entered vertically, with one item per line. Therefore, the entry on this site would look like:  1  3  2  5  8  7  12  2  4   , The attraction of these calculation sites is that after you enter your data, you generally need only to click on the button that says “Calculate,” and the results will appear automatically. Most sites will provide you with the intermediate calculations of the x(avg), y(avg), and n.	Search the Internet for covariance calculators. Enter your data. Calculate your results.
To ensure accurate results, you need to take the following precautions in the hours leading up to the test:   Ask your healthcare provider which medications you should avoid on the day of the test. Do not smoke within 24 hours of the test. Do not drink alcohol within 4 hours of the test. Do not exercise strenuously within 30 minutes of the test. Wear comfortable clothing that allows you to breath easily. Do not eat a heavy meal within two hours of the test.; , A history of smoking, chronic coughing, wheezing, and shortness of breath are a few of the symptoms that are important for the medical staff to consider as they analyze your spirometry test results., They may show you one or more breathing techniques that you will use during the test. Pay attention to the type of breaths they take and be ready to try them yourself., This clip closes your nostrils, ensuring that all of the air you expel during the test will exit through your mouth to be measured by the spirometer., A tight seal is necessary to prevent air leakage.It is important that all the air you are about to exhale goes into the spirometer for accurate measurements., Your lungs should feel filled to their maximum., Think of this as trying to get all of your air out as quickly as possible. It is important that you exhale quickly for an accurate measurement of the volume you can expel within the first second., Your lungs and throat should feel empty. It is important that you discharge all the air for an accurate measurement of how much you exhaled in one entire breath., The test can make you feel lightheaded, so make sure to breathe evenly when appropriate to prevent dizziness., Although breathing this way may feel unnatural, this pattern allows the spirometer to measure pulmonary functions such as lung capacity and airflow.  You might need to increase your inhalation, the speed of your exhalation, or the duration of your exhalation for the next attempt.  Multiple measurements give you a chance to correct performance errors, and provide the necessary data for the test results., The medical professional who administered the test may not be able to give you the results right away. It depends on the type of medical professional who is administering the test. You may have to wait to speak with your doctor about the results after they’ve been reviewed by a specialist., Your height, weight, age, and sex are some of the variables the specialist considered when comparing your test results against the standard measurements. Your doctor should be able to answer questions about how these variables factored into their diagnosis., Diagnoses may include asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, cystic fibrosis, pulmonary fibrosis, chronic bronchitis, emphysema, . Test results might also be used to determine eligibility for surgery. Your doctor will work with you to determine the right medications and lifestyle changes necessary to maintain and improve your pulmonary health.	Avoid activities which might affect your normal lung function. Report smoking and medical history to the medical staff. Watch the demonstration by the medical staff. Continue breathing normally through your mouth once the soft clip is placed on your nose. Wrap your lips tightly around the mouthpiece. Take as deep a breath as possible. Exhale hard and fast. Continue exhaling, until no more air will come out. Breathe normally between attempts. Breathe using the same pattern you did during the practice test. Listen to any notes the medical staff give you on your breathing pattern. Repeat the breathing pattern at least 2 times, with breaks in between. Wait a few days to hear from your referring doctor. Review the results with your doctor. Create a treatment plan if you’ve been diagnosed with a condition.
; ,, Once it is cold, turn out and cut into squares. If not using immediately, wrap in food grade plastic wrap and store in the fridge.  If serving, you will only need one to two squares per cheese platter, as it is very rich.	Boil the pear jam down until it becomes very thick. Pour the thickened jam into a suitable small square container.  , Leave to set. Serve.
Infants with cradle cap often have other symptoms related to dry, easily-irritated skin. Use a humidifier in your baby's room to keep the air moist and humid so his or her skin doesn't get too dry., Applying a moisturizer while the scalp is still slightly damp and warm after bathing can help trap moisture in the skin, preventing it from becoming dry and scaly. Use a lotion or ointment formulated for babies' sensitive skin.  Cradle cap is in some cases caused by an allergy to baby formula. If your baby has red patches on his or her face and experiences diarrhea and other allergy symptoms in addition to cradle cap, talk to your doctor about switching to a formula that is healthier for your baby.	Humidify your home. Moisturize the baby's scalp after bathing. Consider the baby's diet.
Cats are drawn to furniture for a variety of reasons. A cat may jump on a couch near a window or get on a kitchen counter in search of food. Make your furniture less appealing by eliminating the built-in rewards cats seek by climbing on furniture.Keep blinds closed if you have furniture near windows. This way, cats will not be drawn to furniture to sunbathe or look out windows. Remove any excess padding from furniture when it's not in use. For example, after you get done lounging on your couch to watch a movie, remove any blankets or pillows you used. Keep surfaces in the kitchen free of food and other debris that cats will be drawn towards.; , Cats dislike slippery surfaces. When not in use, line furniture with tinfoil. This will deter your cat from jumping up on the furniture as they will dislike sliding around.This tends to work best with small bits of furniture, such as coffee tables.  For non-fabric surfaces, place double-sided sticky tape in stripes or criss-cross patterns on things like coffee tables, mantels, and kitchen counters. If your cat finds their feet get sticky after jumping on a piece of furniture, they're more likely to stay off that furniture.Do not place double-sided sticky tape on leather furniture. It will leave residue behind that's difficult to get off.  Repellent sprays often work great for fabric surfaces. If you want your cat off a couch or a chair, spray that surface down with a commercial cat repellent spray. Commercial sprays will not harm cats, but will contain oils and other scents that repel them from furniture. Follow the directions on a spray bottle closely and apply it to your furniture to keep cats down.Always test a spray on a small, unnoticeable patch of furniture first. Make sure it does not cause any damage or discoloration to the surface before applying it all over your furniture.  Plastic floor mats can be turned upside down and laid over furniture when it's not in use. Floor mats have small knobs on the bottoms that irritate a cat's feet. These knobs will not harm cats, but will be uncomfortable enough that your cat will be deterred from jumping on furniture., Cats respond better to built-in punishment. Rather than punishing your cat after it gets on the furniture, leave something on the furniture to startle your cat. Place some lightweight cookie sheets on the edge of the couch or chair, for example, that's balanced near the edge. When your cat jumps up, they'll land on the trays and be startled. With time, this may discourage your cat from getting on counters.	Make the furniture less appealing. Line furniture with tinfoil. Try double-sided sticky tape. Use a spray. Lay plastic floor mats over furniture. Create built-in punishment.
If you are taking care of someone after an episode, it’s important for the person to feel safe and secure in the environment. This alone can help recover memories.A safe environment can help create a sense of calm, which can allow for memories to resurface. You may return the person to his home, or create a safe space elsewhere.   Consider including blankets, pillows, and other soft items. Add familiar items or cherished items, such as photos of pets or children. Part of feeling safe and secure includes feeling supported by other people. Let the person know that you are there to help — offer to listen, to attend therapy with the person, or to offer comfort in other ways. Assure the person that it is safe for him to come to you when he feels upset and needs emotional support. As a friend or family member, you may feel frightened by what happened, or perhaps betrayed or upset by the person's behavior during the period of dissociative amnesia. Your safety is important, too. Working with a therapist — either on your own or as part of family therapy — can help you address these concerns.  Dissociative amnesia is usually the result of a traumatic or highly stressful event or situation, such as an accident, witnessing abuse or being abused, rape, natural disaster, financial crisis, or war.You should never attempt to address trauma without the assistance of a mental health professional, so make sure you are working with your therapist. Under the direction of your therapist, you will carefully deal with the trauma or conflict, learn new and productive coping skills, give meaning to the trauma, and work on ways to move forward with your life.Dealing with the trauma and learning coping skills for future times of stress can help you get back to living a functional life.  Stress can be a trigger for dissociation.Avoid de-stressing with activities such as drugs, alcohol, zoning out with tv/video games, bingeing on food, or oversleeping. To decrease dissociative episodes, find more effective and positive ways of coping. Manage stress by exercising regularly, engaging in positive social relationships, and relaxation.Start a meditation practice, yoga, or qi gong to help relax the body and mind.   Start a stress journal to identify patterns of stress in life. You may notice certain people, situations, times of day, or activities cause you stress. Work to identify and eliminate or reduce the stress of these situations. For more information, check out How to Relieve Stress.  Treatment can help you resolve any issues that the episode brought up, such as returning purchases, negotiating any decisions made, or repairing any relationships that were hurt.   When resolving problems, it can be helpful to explain the diagnosis to anyone involved. The therapist or treating professional may need to intervene to confirm the diagnosis.  Often, people with dissociative amnesia suffer from other disorders such as depression or anxiety.Seek treatment for any mental health problems. It’s important to receive a diagnosis and treatment from a trained professional, such as a psychologist.   There is no medication approved to treat dissociative disorders; however, some mental health professionals may recommend using medications to supplement treatment. Especially if there is co-occurring depression or anxiety, medications may be useful in treatment., Meditation can help you manage dissociative symptoms and bring more awareness to your internal states.There are many ways to practice mindful meditation. Many techniques include focusing on your breath by observing the inhales and exhales. Engage your senses. For instance, you can focus on your sense of hearing, and listen to the sounds in your environment: the hum of the air conditioner, road noise, or the sound of the wind through the windows.Then, focus on your sight and intensely take in the sights around you. Remember that your thoughts and feelings are fleeting and do not define you.One of the most important parts of mindful meditation is to observe thoughts and feelings without judging them. For example, if your mind wanders, don’t get upset. Just notice, “My mind is wandering” and bring it back gently.For more information, check out How to Do Mindful Meditation.	Involve friends and family to create a safe environment. Address the underlying cause of the episode. Manage stress. Resolve any problems associated with the episode.When experiencing amnesia, you may act out of character. Treat other disorders. Practice mindful meditation.
With social media becoming an ingrained part of most people's work and home lives, it can be hard to separate the two. If you are active online in both your professional and personal lives, it's important to create a distinction between them to monitor what is being put out in the online world regarding that side of you.   Many people choose to use LinkedIn for their career or academic connections and Facebook or Instagram for friends and family., Some companies may provide their employees with completely separate devices (e.g. phones and computers) strictly for work purposes. Others may allow the use of personal devices.   Find out what the guidelines are about such matters. Also, be sure that any personal data, such as contacts, photos, and music are appropriately backed up.  Logging on several times a day or whenever a notification pops up is disruptive to both your professional and personal life.   Make the choice to unplug for a few hours each day. Or, choose a short window to engage with your friends or followers online, then log off for the remainder of the day.	Have separate professional and personal profiles. Be clear about how to handle professional and personal data.If you telecommute, you need to be aware of your company's policy for dividing professional and personal data. Create specific windows for being active online.If social media is a part of your professional life, you may find yourself spending excess time online beyond what's necessary for your job.
Most monster costumes are based around the fashions popular in the 1920s to 30s. The popular silhouette for women's clothing at the time was loose throughout, with a dropped or undefined waist. Flapper dresses with lots of fringe were also popular. Neutral colors were in fashion, as well as bright accent colors such as red, coral, jade green, yellow and deep blue. See what you can dig up at your local costume shop or consignment store.; , A makeup entered the mainstream in the 1920s, women began to wear dark red lips and smoky black eyes. For your hairstyle, try finger waves for long hair or straight hair with the bottom curled in for shorter hair.  Finish your look with fishnet stockings and black or red heels, then add period-appropriate accessories. Wear a long strand of pearls tied in a knot about halfway down, or a thick, Asian-inspired cuff. Try a sparkly headband over your forehead or an embellished comb in your hair. For an extra costume-like effect, wear a feather boa and put a tiny toy gun in a thigh holster.	Dress for the time period. Do retro makeup and hair. Accessorize for decadence.
You will feel a million times more confident about yourself, and the girls you want to get will sense that.; , Get your image down right. Your date will appreciate that you demonstrated some effort. , It's dating. It's meeting people and socializing and spending time in the company of others who may or may not be the perfect person. Everyone has something to offer. Finding 'friends' if only that is a victory in itself.  Remind yourself that people are happy to spend time with you, and that you have a lot to offer.  Focus outward. Make a generous gesture to someone everyday and notice how good you feel. Sometimes just a simple compliment is a gift to people.  Take it easy. Meeting people and sizing them up can be stressful, but be as stress-free as you can about it.  Give them room to breathe. Don't bombard them with telephone calls, surprise visits, and dates every day of the week.  Be open with people. At the right moment, if they look good, tell them. If they are funny, let them know. Definitely say something to give dates feedback.  An ex should never be allowed to linger around your new relationship.  These sites help you make tons of connections based on your personality profile. Some of these sites offer compatibility matching systems. Just fill out your personality profile, then check out the many perfect matches you'll receive to meet women in your area!	Begin a new regime for yourself of good grooming or beauty treatment every day. Consider going shopping and treating yourself to new clothes and even a whole new look. The basics on how to get a girl are based on the whole person you present to the other person, not just your personality.  , Enjoy dating for what it is. Keep your confidence up. Be consider of others, show compassion, and show people that you care about them. Dating is hard work, but lighten up a little bit. Don't be too enthusiastic. Don't be too reserved. Don't delude yourself into thinking that you and an ex can stay best friends. Online dating sites are highly recommended to get a girl.
Remove makeup and do not use makeup on your eyes until the stye goes away. Makeup will clog the gland further and make it harder to treat.   Wet your face before washing and then apply a small amount of soap. Rinse the soap away with water and then gently pat it dry. Throw away any eye makeup you used recently, as it may be contaminated and trigger a new infection.; , Consider disposing of your current pair and using a new pair when your stye goes away. Wear glasses in the meantime.If you can’t throw away the pair of contacts you have been using, purchase a contact disinfectant. Standard saline solution will not remove the bacteria that cause eye infections.  Your hands contain oils and bacteria that can plug up the gland further and make it worse. Always wash your hands before applying a compress or ointment to the stye.  Eyelid hygiene and warm compresses are the mainstays of stye treatment. Apply gentle baby shampoo to a clean washcloth and let it soak in for a few seconds. Lightly scrub the infected area with the washcloth, then rinse with warm water. Repeat twice per day.   Wash your hands before handling the washcloth to avoid spreading infection. If baby shampoo irritates your eyes, call a local ophthalmologist’s office to inquire about special eye soap that may be available for purchase.  Soak a clean washcloth with hot water. Wring out the washcloth, fold it, and press it over the stye.Add more hot water to the cloth if it cools down.   Use the compress for 10 to 15 minutes each time, up to four times a day. Use a clean washcloth each time. Excessive heat can damage the skin around the eyes. Don't use a washcloth hot enough to cause pain.  A normal stye will be a small red bump on the eyelid. If it becomes excessively large, if your vision becomes blurry, or if it is accompanied by fever or chills then it has become infected and you’ll need to see a doctor.Many styes are caused by staphylococcus bacteria, which may require topical ointment or drops. If the stye gets worse and involves surrounding tissues, you may need oral antibiotics.  If the condition does not improve with home treatment, a doctor may need to remove an eyelash or drain the stye.Visit your doctor promptly if you experience any of the following:   Multiple styes Spreading redness around the stye Eyelid swelling quickly Changes to your vision Photophobia (pain from bright light) A stye that does not disappear within 10 days.  Go to the doctor immediately if you have a compromised immune system. People with HIV or those undergoing cancer treatment may have to take antibiotics immediately to reduce the spread of infection., Avoid directly touching your eyes in general. Always wash with anti-bacterial soap.   Wet your hands with lukewarm water before you start washing. Apply hand soap and rub your hands together to lather it. Scrub your hands for at least 20 seconds. Make sure to get the back of your hands and under the fingernails. Then rinse them clean and dry them with a clean towel., Sharing makeup can easily spread infections and cause styes. This mainly applies to mascara because it is applied so close to the eye but sharing blush or concealer can cause infections as well.   Mascara wands can develop bacteria after three months so be sure to replace it regularly. Replace your old eye mascara after you had a stye. It may be infected with bacteria from the stye. Don’t wear make-up until the infection clears.  Use disinfectant on your contact lenses every few days. Throw the contacts away when they are past their suggested expiration.Always wash your hands before putting in contacts. Do not put your lenses in your mouth to wet them. Saliva is not sterile. Do not re-use old solution or top off the solution in your lens case. This will cause bacteria growth. Don’t sleep with your contacts, as overnight wear increases the risk of infection.  Wash your eyes with baby shampoo if you are prone to styes. You can also contact an ophthalmologist about special eye shampoos that reduce the risk of infection.	Wash your face right away. Remove contacts if you’re wearing them. Don’t squeeze or touch the stye at all. Wash your eyes and eyelids with diluted baby shampoo. Apply a warm compress. Know the warning signs. Go to a doctor if symptoms worsen. See a doctor if you have an autoimmune disorder. Wash your hands regularly. Don’t share makeup with anyone. Clean your contacts. Wash your eyes regularly.
This will give you some inspiration.; ,, underwater, space, etc.).  If so, decide on a rhyme scheme.  You can write it without the metaphors at first, and then later insert them. For example- Saving my time saves more time; I am so very sad- to- A stitch in time saves nine; I am wallowing in sorrow.  It doesn't have to be perfect the first time, and probably isn't. Have a friend or family member check over your poem and add their own edits. If you aren't sure about the spelling and/or grammar, type it into a word document and click on the spell checker.	Look up metaphors and other metaphor poems. Decide how often there will be a metaphor in your poem.  , Come up with a theme (i.e. Decide if you want it to rhyme. Write your poem!, Edit and change your poem.
Using a balance transfer is a great idea if you can’t pay down the balance on the card you want to close. Shop around for a new credit card. Many card issuers offer balance transfer cards with an introductory 0% APR for 12-18 months.   You’ll need a good credit score to qualify for the best deals. Generally, your score should be 720 or higher, though people with lower scores might still qualify for a balance transfer card.Compare offers. Look at what the APR will be once the introductory period expires. Also check if the card requires an annual fee., You’ll preserve your utilization rate if the new credit card has the same credit limit as your old card. If the limit is lower, then your utilization rate will increase, which will hurt your credit score.   For example, you might want to transfer a $1,000 balance from Card A to Card B. Card A has a $5,000 credit limit, but Card B has only a $3,000 credit limit. In this situation, your utilization will increase. Also realize that you’ll pay a small fee when you transfer your balance. The fee averages around 4% of the amount transferred, so your total credit usage will also increase slightly.  You can apply online. You’ll be asked to provide personal information, including your Social Security Number and information about your employment.   Transfer the balance when you open the card. You’ll be asked the balance you want to transfer and details about the card. Opening a new card will probably decrease your credit score slightly in the short term.If you absolutely cannot let your score fall, even a little, then you should delay cancelling your credit card until you can pay it off in full.  Once the balance has been transferred, you can close your card. Call and confirm that the card now has a zero balance. Then state that you want to close the card and ask them to report the closure as “at the consumer’s request.”Follow up with a letter, certified mail, repeating your request. Include all relevant information—name, address, phone number, and account number. Check your credit report to see that the card was closed and properly noted as closed at your request. If not, then dispute the notation.	Find a balance transfer card. Check the credit limit on the new card. Apply for the new card. Close your card.
Make sure there is enough aluminum foil to cover and wrap the bread.; , Do not cut through to the bottom of the loaf.   Use a criss-cross pattern with 1” (2.5 cm) spaces between the cuts. When you have finished scoring the bread, it should look similar to a large, round hot cross bun.	Place your loaf of bread on a foil-covered baking sheet. Use a serrated knife to score the bread by slicing almost all the way through it.
Download and install the program.  There are many settings you can make.  Depending on your settings, the program will monitor the fans' temperatures and adjust their speeds when necessary.   Note: Only fans with a three or four pin connection will work with this program; these are usually the CPU fan and the system fan.	Make a search for “SpeedFan”. Run the program and configure it. Save your setting.
The tactics and logistics are necessary, and you may need to teach them if you are coaching beginners.   Teach the rules. Your players cannot play well if they do not understand the rules of volleyball, and you risk losing points, not to mention games. Make sure your team knows what they can and cannot do, what gets them points and what results in penalties.; , Talk to your players supportively, and if you are coaching children, talk to parents openly so they know what is going on at practice.   Keeping your communication positive rather than competitive will demonstrate that you have the best interests of the players in mind and provide a model of good sportsmanship. This is especially important if you are coaching kids.  The Socratic method of coaching uses questions to get players to think critically on their own. This may be a slower method, but it yields better results. Ultimately, players need to make high-level decisions themselves when on the court. For example:   "Carl, what do you think you can do differently to make your serve stronger?" "OK, everyone, what do you think we're going to focus on in this drill?", Including players in decisions builds trust and encourages them to think critically about the game.For example, during a timeout you can ask the team for feedback on their opponents and suggestions for strategy., For example, "We need to . . ."Keep it pithy. You can easily lose your players' attention if you talk too much, too generally. Concentrate your verbal feedback on helping each player focus on what's important in the moment., Whether you are coaching kids or adults, professionals or amateurs, the physical court needs to be safe. Inspect the practice and competition courts before every practice and match.   The ground should be free of sharp objects and glass. Check what's above the court. There should be 23 feet of overhead clearance. Remove objects like portable basketball goals, lighting fixtures, and tree limbs from the space above the court. If you're using a net supported by wires, they should be covered with soft material. Players should never grab the net or hang on to supports; this can cause the net to overturn and fall on them. To reduce risk of collision, players should "call" the ball to reduce the chance of colliding with another player. Having knowledge of first-aid is vital. You should know how to treat common minor injuries like facial cuts, bruises, or minor tendinitis, strains, or sprains. Have an emergency contact plan for more serious injuries that require a medical professional., Planning can be time-consuming, but it is important to figure out in advance what to do during practice.   Decide what warm-ups, drills, and/or practice games you're going to do. Decide how much time to leave for each element. Writing out your plans not only gives you something to refer to during practice, but also serves as a reminder of what you've done and what you're going to do. Some websites provide downloadable planners for volleyball coaches. These templates might help you get organized., This shouldn't be intense: go from 40% heart rate gradually up to 60%, then follow with a 5-minute recovery period.  Dynamic stretches are done during movement. Research suggests they are much more effective than static stretches (e.g., touching your toes for 30 seconds) in reducing the risk of injury. Some ideas:   Straight-leg march (hamstrings and gluteus muscles): Kick one leg straight out in front with the toes flexed upwards, and meanwhile reach the opposite arm to the upturned toes. Lower the leg and do the opposite leg and arm. Repeat 6-7 times. Scorpion (lower back, hip flexors and gluteus muscles): Lying on the stomach with arms outstretched and feet flexed so only toes are touching ground, kick right foot upward toward left arm, and then left foot toward right arm. Work slowly, repeat up to 12 times. Handwalks (shoulders, core muscles, hamstrings): Stand straight with legs together and then bend over, putting the palms of hands flat on the ground. "Walk" hands out in front until back is almost extended. Keeping legs straight, walk your feet towards hands. Repeat 5 or 6 times., Drills are focused and repetitive movements and plays that players need to be comfortable executing quickly, without thinking. There are three types of drill:   Skill- and movement-specific: This most common type of drill employs repetition to improve skills like blocking and setting. Use these drills to build good habits and correct bad ones. Tactical, systematic and strategic: These drills practice combinations of playing skills and should be incorporated after your players have developed their basic skills. These types of drills are also the time to teach the team how to communicate on the court. Conditioning: These drills build strength and stamina. Note that the energy required for conditioning drills may detract from the execution technique. For that reason, keep conditioning-oriented drills separate from skill-specific drills during in-season practice.Keep drills focused and fun. Make your practice plan based on skills you want to improve and/or the problems you want to solve. For each drill, set a goal and focus, and communicate these to the players. Knowing what to concentrate on helps them get the most out of the drill.Find what works for you. You don't need to constantly incorporate new drills; instead, focus on finding a handful of drills that you and your team enjoy, and use these in rotation, adding variation where necessary., Divide your players up and have them play against one another. This will give new players a feel of the rhythm to a volleyball game and will allow seasoned players to practice where they need it.  This will be essential when your volleyball team begins competing against other teams. A good coach will be tactical and able to strategize based on the players' strengths and weaknesses.  A large part of this decision involves your qualifications: coaching professionally requires a high level of experience and expertise, while recreational coaching is a less competitive field.  The National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) oversees volleyball programs at all division levels in colleges and universities.   You will need to have years of volleyball playing and coaching experience in order to apply for a job with a college program. The school's athletic director is often responsible for hiring coaches.  Many high school teams have men and women's volleyball teams. Whether these positions are paid or volunteer will depend on the school and the budget.  Local park and recreation departments and community associations use professional and volunteer coaches for youth programs.   Check out nationally popular programs such as I-9 Sports, Diversity Youth Sports and We Play Sports. Express interest to youth sports leagues that are specific to volleyball, such as the United States Youth Volleyball League or the Youth Volleyball Association. The national leagues can put you in touch with your local chapters.  If you are better at coaching than at playing, you can coach an adult single sex or co-ed team. Check with your local community college, recreational center or YMCA for leagues and teams.	Make sure everyone on your team understands the game. Be communicative. Coach Socratically. Coach democratically. When talking to players, use "I" and "we" rather than "you," which puts them on the defensive. Provide a safe practice environment. Plan your training sessions in advance. Start each practice with a light jog for 5-10 minutes. Incorporate dynamic stretches. Teach your players drills. Play practice games. Develop starting lineups and substitution plans. Decide whether you hope to coach professionally (for payment) or recreationally (volunteer). Coach volleyball professionally with a college or university team. Coach at the high school level. Look for opportunities to coach youth leagues. Join an adult recreational league.
Keep it simple! A circular saw, drill with a screw-driving attachment, and an extension cord are all the power equipment used for the chair in these photos. Along with the tools, some 2 inch (5.1 cm) wood screws, scrap cedar 1X2s from a construction dumpster, a treated 2X4 8 foot long, and a tape and square were all that were used for this project.; , For reference, the actual angles and cut lengths for this chair are listed under Things You'll Need. Note that these can be modified to fit the individual's preferences.  The photo will illustrate this step better than it can be described, but basically, you have the seat support intersecting with the back frame at about a 53 degree angle. Next, a rear leg support intersects with the seat, about 8 to 10 inches (20.3 to 25.4 cm) from the back frame. , This will give you the angle of each cut, and because the seat and back angle are subject to personal preference, we won't go into great detail here.  You may want to tack them with a wood screw to get an idea if the finished chair will sit at the right height and angle for you.  Countersink them if you prefer, but keep in mind, these steps describe building a fishing chair, not a showroom piece of furniture. , If you make a mistake here, you can always unscrew the mis-cut piece and replace it, but cut long, it is easier to lower the chair seating height than to raise it.  These are your seat slats, and you can cut longer slats for wider seats, or reduce the length for narrow fisher persons.  Use one screw in each end so you can rack the assembly if it is out of square.  If you prefer, you can eye-ball the assembly, but using a steel square will insure the finished chair doesn't wobble when it is set on a flat surface.  Depending on how deep the seat is, and how high the back is, you will need a total of about 20 slats. These can be spaced half an inch or so apart so water will drain through them if left in the rain.  Attach these strips as shown in the photo, after making sure the frame is square.  Here, since there was no thinner lumber laying around, a 2X4 was split width-wise to yield two 1X4s, about 19 inches (48.3 cm) long.  This attachment should be very secure, since it reinforces the back frame and stabilizes the chair assembly.	Gather the tools and materials you will need. Rip some 2x4 lumber 1 1⁄2 inches (3.8 cm) wide, various lengths. Find a flat surface to lay out your pieces. Align the back and seat frame members so the angle suits you, then place the back leg member underneath in a position that will allow you to scribe it to cut to length after you have fit the rest of the frame together.  , Mark each framing member where it intersects the adjacent one. Cut the marks you have scribed with your circular saw, and dry fit the pieces together. Attach the frame in the configuration illustrated in the photo, using 2 inch (5.1 cm), number 12 wood screws. Attach the front leg, fastening it through the joint of the rear leg and seat support to give this connection increased strength.  , Stand the chair up on your work surface, and tilt it so that it is at the correct height and amount of reclining angle you want, then scribe either the front, rear, or both legs to cut them to length. Cut strips of wood 1 1⁄2 inches (3.8 cm) wide, and 3⁄4 inch (1.9 cm) thick, about 20 inches (50.8 cm) long. Attach three of the slats, one at the point where the back intersects the seat, one at the front of the seat, and one at the top of the back, as shown in the photo. Square up your chair frame. Finish attaching the slats for the seat and back of your chair. Rip 1/2 inch (5.1 cm) thick strips of 1 1/2 inch (5.1 cm) wide lumber to attach to the back frame as a cross bracing to make the chair stable. Cut the armrests, again, as shown in the photo. Attach your armrests to the top of the front leg posts, and to the back frame. Finish the chair if you like, but for all practical purposes, you are ready to go fishing.
Watch for people who might instigate office feuds or spread gossip. Observing without interfering will give you the opportunity to see how office politics play out in your department. You will also notice who the problem employees might be.; , As a supervisor or a manager, you are not expected to befriend your employees. Do not get drawn into any gossip or petty arguments.   Keep your tone and topics professional and work-related when you deal with your employees.  Your team needs to know that gossip, rumors, backstabbing and undermining each other's work will not be tolerated.  Calmly explain that you expect each employee to do the job he or she was hired for and to stay on task.   Remind your employees that the way they interact with other members of the team will be noted in performance reviews.  Set a good example by treating everyone in a professional and respectful manner.  When back office politics comes to a head, assess the situation and make a judgment based on the information you have and the behavior you have witnessed.	Observe your team members and how they relate to one another. Maintain strict boundaries. Assert your authority when necessary. Hold private conversations with the people who are involved. Encourage respect among the members of your team. Do what is right.
You might purchase an actual toolbox, a plastic storage box, or you could buy a cute basket. Whatever you choose, if you are planning on giving the home tool kit as a gift, you can arrange the tools inside the toolbox or the basket to make a creative gift. Even if you are buying the tools to make your own tool kit, a basket would be a fun place to keep your tools and can be a part of your home decoration. An actual toolbox is the best choice for organizing your tools.; , Preparing a toolkit shouldn't cost you a fortune but you do need to buy quality items. You may have to spend a little more money, but quality tools are less likely to need replacing for several years (or even generations if they're really good). Quality tools will usually perform the job better and may even be safer.   If you can't afford the tools you'd like, don't opt for the cheaper versions. Look for secondhand tools in garage sales, yard sales, pawn shops, and auctions. Provided they're good quality to begin with and have been well cared for, being used isn't usually an issue. Older style tools were built to last, so they might only need a bit of cleaning and sharpening to put them back into first rate condition.  There are a number of tools that are recommended for your toolkit, and while every home is different, there are some tools that are basic must-haves and others that you can decide on adding for your own particular needs. The basics are as follows:  Every home needs a hammer. Be sure to purchase a good sturdy hammer. You will want to buy one that has a claw for removing nails.       A set of screwdrivers is a must. Try to purchase a set that has different sizes, including both a slotted (flat) screw head and a Phillips (cross-shaped) screw head.       Include a spanner. An adjustable spanner is useful for many DIY needs.       Find a set of pliers. These are as handy as the spanner. The needle-nose pliers are especially handy to have around the house.       Be sure to include a wrench. This is important when working with pipes and stuck nuts.        Drill with drill bits. Whether or not you select a hand drill or a power drill is up to you but basic electric or battery-powered drills are not that expensive.       If you have a garden, be sure to include a handsaw in the toolkit. This should have a quality spring steel blade and a solid handle; they come in toolkit sizes.       Your home toolkit should include a roll of duct tape and a roll of masking tape. There are many creative colors and sizes of duct tape these days. Choose your favorite. As for the masking tape, it's useful for writing on, for tidying cables, for protecting edge surfaces when painting, and many other uses besides.       Every home should have a flashlight (torch); no-one wants to be caught in the dark without a flashlight. A rechargeable flashlight is the best kind to purchase.       Include a tape measure in your home tool kit. This is one item you will use over and over again. Consider purchasing one with both standard (imperial) and metric units of measure as this will stop you hunting for conversions.  The following items might also be handy additions to your toolkit: An electric screwdriver, a utility (Stanley) knife, a putty knife, a staple gun, a pack of nails and screws, and/or a plunger for plumbing jobs.   Lubricant spray and key lock graphite or spray are handy to keep in a toolkit, to fix squeaking hinges, stuck locks bolts, and for preventing rust of metallic items. Consider keeping a stepladder or a folding stool in the vicinity of the toolkit. While it won't physically fit inside the toolkit, it's a standard DIY item that you really can't do without.       Get safety glasses that fit you well and make a habit of wearing them.	Find the perfect container for your home toolkit. Have a sensible budget. Stock the toolkit. Add some miscellaneous options, as needed.
Each police department has a different protocol in place for dealing with an incident and filing a report. You may be responsible for filling out a form issued by your department, or you may be asked to type or write up the report by hand.   Try to do your write-up using word processing software. It will look neater and you'll be able to use spellcheck to polish it when you're finished. If you write your report by hand, print clearly instead of using cursive.; , Right after the incident, reflect on what happened and jot down some notes about it. If possible, write your report the same day as the incident because waiting will make it harder to remember details. At the least, do your report write-up within the first 24 hours after the incident.If you can’t write the report on the day that the incident happened, record some notes about what happened to help you when you do write the report.  Your form may have blank spaces for you to fill out with information about the incident. Fill in these spaces, or include the following information if you do not have a form:The time, date and location of the incident (Be specific. Write the exact street address, etc.). Your name and ID number Names of other officers who were present  , Describe what brought to you to the scene of the incident. If you got a call, describe the call and note what time you received it. Write an objective, sentence describing what happened. Don't write what you think might have happened. Stick to the facts and be objective.For example, a report might say: On 8/23/10 at approximately 2340, officer was assigned to 17 Dist. response vehicle. Officer was notified via radio by central dispatch of a 911 call at 123 Maple Street. Officer was also informed by central dispatch that this 911 call may be domestic in nature.  Include a detailed chronological narrative of what happened when you reported to the scene and tell the story from your perspective. Use “I” to explain the who, what, when, where, and why of the incident.For example, an officer's report could say: Upon arrival, I observed a 40 year old white male, known as Johnny Doe, screaming and yelling at a 35 year old white female, known as Jane Doe, in the front lawn of 123 Maple Street. I separated both parties involved and conducted field interviews. I was told by Mr. Johnny that he had come home from work and discovered that dinner was not ready. He then stated that he became upset at his wife Mrs. Jane for not having the dinner ready for him.  If possible, make sure to include direct quotes from witnesses and other people involved in the incident. Include an accurate description of your own role in the course of what occurred. If you had to use physical force to detain someone, don't gloss over it. Report how you handled the situation and its aftermath. Follow your department's protocol with regard to reporting on witnesses and evidence.Use specific descriptions. For example, instead of saying "I found him inside and detained him," write something like, "I arrived at 2005 Everest Hill at 12:05. I walked to the house and knocked on the door. I tried the knob and found it to be unlocked..."  , Draw a picture or diagram in your report if it is difficult to explain certain information in words. You may also want to use a picture or diagram to show what the scene of the incident looked like.Police officers often have to write reports about auto accidents. It can be much clearer to illustrate with a picture or a diagram how the accident occurred. You can draw a picture of the street and use arrows to show how where each car was headed when they hit each other.  Write as much as possible and include as many details as you can remember. Don't leave room for people reading the report to interpret something the wrong way. Don't worry about your report being too long or wordy. The important thing is to report a complete picture of what occurred.For example, instead of saying “when I arrived, his face was red,” you could say, “when I arrived, he was yelling, out of breath, his face was red, and he seemed angry.” The second example is better than the first because there are multiple reasons someone’s face is red, not just that they are angry.  If you did not see something happen, make sure that you don't report that you did. If a witness tells you something that you did not see, whatever the witness says is considered “hearsay.” Hearsay is something you hear that you cannot substantiate by personal knowledge. Report hearsay as hearsay, not as something you personally saw.Even though it is hearsay, make sure to write down what each individual at the scene said to you. It may be important, even if he or she is lying. Include any information about the witness’ demeanor, in case what he or she told you becomes controversial.  Don't use flowery, confusing language to describe what happened. Your writing should be clear and concise. Don't use legal or technical words. Use short, to-the-point, fact-oriented sentences that don't leave room for interpretation.Use the party’s name when possible, so you can avoid confusion when talking about multiple people. Also, spell out abbreviations. For example, say “personal vehicle” instead of “P.O.V.” (personally owned vehicle), and “scene of the crime” instead of “code 11,” which is a police term for “on the scene.”  , Even if you're not proud of how you handled the situation, it's critical that you write an honest account. If you write something untrue it may end up surfacing later, putting your job in jeopardy and causing problems for the people involved in the incident.Preserve your integrity and the institution you represent by telling the truth.  Double check all of the facts, including spellings of names, dates, times, addresses, license plate numbers, and so on. Make sure you didn't leave out any information that should have been included. Look for obvious gaps in the narrative that you might need to fill in.For example, if you forget to include the one party's reason why the argument started, then that would leave a gap.  Read through your report one more time to make sure it's easy to understand. Check it for typos, spelling errors, and grammar errors that might make the report confusing. Remove any words that could be seen as subjective, like words describing feelings and emotions.   For example, if you included phrases that start with "I feel" or "I believe," then you would want to remove these to eliminate any bias in your report.  Find out the name of the person or department to whom your report must be sent. If you can, submit your incident report in person. Make yourself available to answer further questions or provide clarification as needed.If you have to mail or email your report, follow up with a phone call within a 10 day period. Do this to make sure your report was received.	Get the correct forms from your department. Start the report as soon as possible. Focus on the facts. Include a line about the nature of the incident. Write in the first-person. Include rich detail in your report. Use diagrams. Make a thorough report. Include accurate details and leave out the rest. Use clear language. Be honest. Check your report for accuracy. Proofread your report. Submit your incident report.
Imagining a successful first day can be a powerful tool to help your child battle back to school anxiety. Instruct your child on how to perform visualization and have them practice this exercise nightly leading up to the first day of school.   For example, you might say, “Close your eyes and imagine the first day of school being absolutely perfect. You are wearing your best outfit. You have a tasty lunch packed in your bag. You walk to your classroom with your best pal beside you. Your teacher has a bright smile and welcomes you to class.” Walking through this exercise can help alleviate fears and empower your child to make the first day great.Remind them that their day may not go exactly like they envisioned, but that is okay. It can be different and still be a great day.  Breathing deeply is a technique that jumpstarts the body’s stress response. Taking slow, controlled breaths can help your child fight rising anxiety as they attend school on the first day. Teach this exercise as the summer comes to a close, and remind your child that they can practice deep breathing anytime at school.The 4-7-8 approach is easy for young minds to remember. Simply breathe in through the nose deeply to a count of four. Hold the breath for seven counts. Then, exhale through the mouth for eight counts. Repeat as necessary.  Arm your child with powerful phrases that help them feel courageous in the face of back to school stress. Repeating positive mantras or affirmations can trick your child’s brain into thinking they feel confidence until they actually do.Try having them repeat their mantra on the way to school to help them get pumped up for a great day.   Try: “I am in control of my fear,” “This school year will be a great one,” or “Starting a new school year can be scary, but I am brave.” Remind your child that they can use these mantras any point during the day should they become nervous. They can repeat them silently to themselves, or go to the bathroom and say them quietly in private.	Teach your child positive visualization. Try deep breathing. Come up with a reassuring mantra.
The WhatsApp icon looks like a green box with a white speech balloon and a telephone in it.   If WhatsApp opens up to a different page than your Chats page, tap the Chats button.; , On your Chats page, find the group chat and open it.  This will take you to the Group Info page for this group chat. ,   You can also use the Search function to find your friend. To do this, tap on the Search field at the top of your screen and type in your friend’s name.  You can add one or more people at once.  This button will be in the upper-right corner of your screen.  This will add this contact to the group chat.	Open WhatsApp Messenger. Tap on the group chat. Tap on the name of the group chat at the top of the conversation. Tap Add Participants towards the bottom of the page.  , Scroll down and tap on the name of the contact you want to add. Tap on another contact’s name to add. Tap the Add button. Tap Add again to confirm.
A week or so before school starts, begin going to bed approximately an hour earlier than you did in the summer. This will ensure that you are adequately rested for school, and by the time school rolls around, you will be used to the new sleeping schedule.  If you have trouble falling asleep, or are extremely nervous, go to bed half an hour early and read until your time is up. That way, you are already relaxed when it's time to actually sleep. Other ideas - you could listen to music, or drink a cup of warm milk.; , Before you can start school you need a few supplies. Your school may or may not have provided you with a list, and if they have, use that as a guide for your back-to-school shopping. If they haven't, find a list on the Internet and use that. You may also want a few new wardrobe items for school. Usually a cute shirt, jeans, and a nice pair of flats will do.  Get everything in your backpack that you may need, and even pack your lunch. If you carry a purse or another bag, get that together also. Make sure you have your outfit picked out. Go to bed at a reasonable time, and set an alarm for the morning. It's really important that you are well rested.  First thing when you get up is to eat your breakfast, that way if you spill any of it on you, it won't be on your outfit.  Go upstairs and wash your face and brush your teeth. Then get dressed, and style your hair. Be sure that you look decent; if you are wearing a t-shirt make sure your armpits are shaved and that you smell good. Definitely put on deodorant and maybe a small amount of perfume. Slip on your shoes and head out the door. Make sure that you look confident. Keep your back straight and your shoulders pressed back with your head held high, and don't forget to smile!        , Each subject has it's place and if you need to bring anything home you have all of it with you so you don't forget anything. Having a notebook with all the assignments written in it is also quite helpful. Try doing both of these things.  If you've had a bad day, talk to someone you trust or maybe just relax and listen to music you like. Music is the best way to calm down. Make sure you pay attention in class, and stay focused each day so you can strive to get straight A's. Remember, at graduation there will be awards, and you want to win them. To help achieve and/or win these awards; it often helps to join extra curricular activities! As long as you're involved in something, you have a better chance at winning an award. It can also help with your popularity. If you find you have a crush on a class-mate, then just take a deep breath. For guys, just treat her nicely and never tease her! For girls, just talk normally to him and be yourself! Be sure to study for tests. Take notes in class that you can review at a later date if needed.  This leaves you plenty of time to do what you want afterwards.   Getting close to graduation doesn't mean you can start paying less attention to your school work. You have to study just as hard and think about graduation in your spare time. ,,, When you do wake up, eat a healthy breakfast, and dress in some comfortable clothes. Then attend all of your appointments.  Be very careful not to mess them up. Then head on home and put on your dress, shoes, and jewelry. If you want to, add a touch of makeup. When completely ready go to graduation and have the best time!	Prepare yourself. Shop for school at least a week before your start day of classes. The night before that first day of school, get together everything you will need for the next day. On the first day, get up as soon as your alarm goes off, that way if you need extra time, you have it. Have a binder with dividers for each subject helps you stay organized throughout the school year. As soon as you get home from school, have a snack (if needed) and start on your homework right away. Approximately three months before your graduation set a budget with your parents that includes the cost of your hair, nails and toes, jewelry, and dress.  ,Make sure you've purchased a dress that fits and book any appointments for your hair and nails a couple months in advance. Make sure that you also have a pair of shoes that match your dress and that you can easily walk in them.  , On the morning of graduation, sleep in to whenever you want (just make sure you don't miss any appointments you may have that day!)
You can obtain a watering can from Isabelle, the mayor’s secretary, by repeatedly asking her for “advice living here” and then completing the tasks she gives you. Asking Isabelle questions will be covered in the following steps.   Try to do this early on in the game so that you keep maintain your town and keep your citizens happy.  Isabelle can be found in the town hall, which will be in a determined place depending on your map. The map of your city is displayed on the bottom screen of the DS. Look for the purple building icon on your map, which represents the town hall.  In order to talk to Isabelle, you must approach the front counter that she is standing behind. There is a green mat that you can step on; once you’re there, press “a” to initiate the conversation.   Isabelle will then ask if there is anything she can help you with today. Respond by choosing “advice for living here”.  Isabelle will give you advice in the form of tasks. For the first task, she will give you stationary (a consumable item that goes to your inventory) and suggest that you send someone a letter. Go ahead and use the stationary to send a letter to complete the task. It does not matter what you write or who you send it to.  If you need to know more about sending letters, Isabelle will explain—all you have to do is ask her. Otherwise you can talk to her again and ask for new advice. This time, she’ll talk about seashells on the beach and subtly request that you bring her one. To do this, head to the beach and pick up a seashell. To pick up the seashell, stand next to one and press “b”.   Return to Isabelle with the seashell in your inventory; she’ll be delighted and hand you a basket of non-native fruits, which you can then plant. If you’re carrying a shovel, she will explain how to plant trees. To plant any fruit, equip your character with the shovel and then find a spot of ground that you like. When you find a spot, press “a” to dig a hole with your shovel. Then, go into your inventory and find the fruit you want. Tap on the fruit and click the option “bury”. This will cause a sapling to appear and in a few days it will be a full tree that produces three of that fruit every day.  If you do not have a shovel to plant the fruits discussed in the previous step, you can ask Isabelle for advice again and she will ask whether you’re interested in fishing or bug catching. The answer you give will determine your next task.   If you already have one tool and not the other (a fishing rod, but not a net, for example) you may want to pick the task you’re prepared for. However, if you don’t have either or want the other one, you can talk to Isabelle again. Tell her you’re missing the fishing rod or bug net and she will sell you one for 500 bells, which is the standard price.  If you picked fishing, Isabelle will ask you to catch three different kinds of fish. She will explain how to fish if you don’t know. If you picked bug catching, she will ask you to catch three different kinds of insects. Again, if you don’t know how, she will give you a brief explanation.   Once you’ve caught either three types of fish or bugs, you will have finished all of Isabelle’s tasks. She will reward you with the watering can and consider you suitably prepared to go forth. Once you have the watering can, read Method 3 to find out how to water your plants.	Understand that you will have to talk to your secretary to get a watering can. Find Isabelle. Ask Isabelle for advice. Complete the tasks that Isabelle gives you. Ask Isabelle for new advice if you know how to write a letter. Ask for advice again if you are not carrying a shovel with you. Catch fish or bugs.
If you want to sleep on the floor as a lifestyle choice, then you might want to try it out a few times first. It takes time for your body to adjust to the new position and the absence of a soft mattress. You may be uncomfortable for the first few days, but after that you should get used to it. You may even wake up feeling refreshed once you’re in the routine of sleeping on the floor.In some cases, sleeping on the floor might be a necessity, such as if you do not have a bed.  In the beginning especially, you may want some type of cushion to help you transition from the bed to the floor. A yoga mat is great for this because it is already designed for you to lay down on at length and provides a slight cushion between you and the floor.You can also provide some cushioning for yourself by placing a few doubled up blankets on the floor.  While you might have another preferred sleeping position when in bed, the best position for the floor is on your back. Otherwise, you won’t get the benefit of the back support the floor provides. Sleeping on your side while on the floor may cause back pain.	Try sleeping on the floor a few days before making up your mind about it. Use a yoga mat or other thing cushion between you and floor. Sleep on your back.
