Tottenham attacker Erik Lamela was spotted with a tattoo of a football on his left shin while training ahead of his side's Europa League match against Partizan Belgrade on Thursday. The Argentina international was on the training field as manager Mauricio Pochettino put his side through their paces before their European game at White Hart Lane. Lamela scored one of the goals of the tournament in Tottenham's 5-1 win against Asteras Tripolis in October, and will be looking to get on the scoresheet again as Tottenham look to step closer to the knock-out stages with a victory. VIDEO Scroll down to watch Spurs players gutted as Harry Kane spoils 34-pass keep-ball . Erik Lamela shows off his tattoo of a football on his left shin while in training for Tottenham on Wednesday . Lamela (right) shields the ball from Gaston Ramirez (left) as Tottenham beat Hull 2-1 on Sunday . Pochettino's side is second in Group C with eight points from four games, but they have had a harder time in the Premier League so far. They sit 10th following an underwhelming start, but showed their character in a comeback 2-1 victory over Hull on Sunday. Pochettino will no doubt be hoping that proceedings will be a lot safer on Thursday, with the help of compatriot Lamela.	Erik Lamela shows off shin tatttoo before Europa League match . The Argentina attacker scored an astounding rabona goal in October . He is preparing for Tottenham's game against Partizan Belgrade .
By . Sam Adams . PUBLISHED: . 06:57 EST, 19 April 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:57 EST, 19 April 2013 . From leaping killer whales performing for cheering crowds, to twisted water slides and dramatic studio backdrops - these stunning aerial shots give a taste of the attractions on offer at Orlando's most famous theme parks. Photographer Jason Hawkes snapped the pictures as part of project to capture the vivid colors on show at SeaWorld, Universal Studios and Disney Land. The shots show the fun being had by holidaymakers as they try out various rides, waterslides and other attractions. Leaping: Four killer whales leap into the air at SeaWorld in Orlando, Florida. Aerial photographer Jason Hawkes snapped the black-and-white pack as they delighted crowds . Colorful: This photograph shows the Seuss Landing in the Islands of Adventure at Universal Studios. The shots shows the familiar attractions in vivid color . Snake-like: This shot shows the twisted tubes of the Omaka Rocka slide at SeaWorld's Aquatica water park. The colorful structures are shown winding around each . View: Holiday makers look like toy figures in this image from above at the Islands of Adventure at Universal Studios . Dramatic: A flume full of thrill-seekers is shown tipping over the edge of Dudley Do-Right's Ripsaw Falls at Universal Studios . Film: This image shows a studio backlot called Catastrophe Canyon at Disney's Hollywood Studios at Walt Disney World . Floating: Swimmers float serenely through the water at the Shark reef in Typhoon Lagoon water park at Walt Disney World . Hundreds of thousands of holidaymakers head for Orlando's big theme park resorts every year. The world famous attractions tempt families to Florida from across the world, with thousands of visitors from the US, Europe, Asia and elsewhere holidaying in the area. However, Mr Hawkes pictures give a perspective on the parks that even regular visitors might not recognize. Magical: These snow-covered rooftops would not look out of place in the Alps - but are in fact parts of the Wizarding World of Harry Potter in the Islands of Adventure at Universal Studios . Making a splash: Families can be seen soaking up the sun at the Walkabout waters at Aquatica water park. This attraction features a complex assault course and twisting water slides . Island: This looks like it could be a desert island in the middle of the Pacific Ocean - but it is actually Typhoon Lagoon in Walt Disney World Resort . Curves: This artistic image of twisted blue metal is the fearsome Manta roller coaster at SeaWorld . Relaxing: Holiday makers are pictured soaking up the Florida sun on Sandy White Beach at Typhoon Lagoon water park at Walt Disney World Resort . Web: This giant cobweb of water slides resembles an octopus at Wet 'n Wild water park, Universal Studios .	Photographer Jason Hawkes captures vivid colors on show at . SeaWorld, Universal Studios and Disney Land . Shots show killer whales leaping from the water, colorful theme park rides and film studio backdrops .
(CNN) -- Sub-Saharan Africa's economic renaissance is fueling an investment drive by fast food joints looking to tap the continent's growing middle class. The likes of Kentucky Fried Chicken (KFC) and Domino's pizza are opening up in African growth markets from Nigeria to Angola to give consumers a taste of U.S. cuisine. Elias Schulze, managing partner of The Africa Group, a boutique Africa-focused investment consultancy, said U.S. takeout stores are rapidly becoming "aspirational brands" for cosmopolitan Africans with disposable income. He said: "An upwardly mobile, confident, Western-leaning and young consumer class bodes well for an American burger boom." And the battle for the African market is well underway. This year, Yum! Brands -- owner of KFC, Taco Bell and Pizza Hut -- is expanding into Tanzania, Uganda and Zimbabwe. The Louisville-based restaurant giant already has outlets in 14 African countries, with more than 700 KFCs in South Africa and plans to open a further 45 stores in 2013. Read this: South Africans thirsty for craft beer . And with growing political and economic stability, Western fast food brands are approaching the region with a renewed sense of optimism, according to Schulze. He said KFC is an established brand on the continent today, adding: "My general sense is that markets beyond South Africa in sub-Saharan Africa are in the investing phase given their level of infancy and may not have reached a payback point quite yet." And more big players are beginning to follow suit. In May, Burger King opened for business in South Africa and last year Domino's -- the U.S. pizza chain -- opened its first African store in Nigeria, the continent's most populous nation. With two stores already, Domino's is planning to launch three more African branches by the end of this year. To cater to local tastes, the pizza chain launched a Chicken Jollof pizza -- a rice-based dish popular to West Africa -- and a Suya special, consisting of spicy marinated meat. Charbel Antoun, partner at Eat N Go, which helped launch Domino's in Nigeria, said that adapting the menu to the local culture and food was crucial to the brand's success. He added: "To compete in the market we have very competitive prices. Ninety-five percent of our customers are Nigerian ... and these are the consumers we're looking to attract." Read this: African firm invests billions in U.S. Price competitive . However, the cost of Western fast food brands in many parts of Africa relative to wages remains high, excluding many people, who simply cannot afford it. While sub-Saharan Africa is home to some of the world's fastest-growing economies, millions of people are still languishing in extreme poverty. For example, the cost of a KFC meal in Malawi -- including a burger, fries and drink -- is more than $9 but with 50% of the country's population below the World Bank's poverty line, fast food is an unaffordable luxury for most. Across the continent Western brands remain high compared to other parts of the world, according to Schulze. He said the average cost of a KFC meal in Africa is roughly 40% higher compared to a branch in Brooklyn and 80% more than a similar meal in Shanghai. Still, the future looks bright for sub-Saharan Africa. On average, the region is set to grow at more than 5% between 2013-15 as millions of new consumers emerge from poverty and commodity prices continue to rise, according to data from the World Bank. A McKinsey & Company 2012 report on African consumers projects $410 billion in growth for consumer-facing industries across Africa by 2020; of this roughly 45% or $185 billion will flow from apparel, consumer goods and food businesses. The report also found Africans remain "exceptionally optimistic about their economic future" and very brand conscious in purchasing decisions.	U.S. fast food brands are increasingly opening branches across Africa . KFC has outlets in 14 African countries, with over 700 KFCs in South Africa . Pizza chain Domino's plans three more African branches by the end of this year . African branches often introduce new dishes to cater to local tastes .
(CNN) -- Thanksgiving is the busiest travel holiday of the year, with tens of millions expected to hit the road over the extended four-day weekend. For anyone not loading up the SUV to make the trek to Grandma's house for her famous cranberry stuffing this year, here are some other yummy options you might want to consider. And you don't even need a passport. Space for many of these events is limited and could fill up soon. If you miss out this year, you might want to get ahead of the game and book it for next Thanksgiving. See where it all started: Plymouth, Massachusetts . This historic settlement south of Boston, where the voyagers aboard the Mayflower landed in 1620, was the site of the first Thanksgiving. Visitors to Plymouth can step back in time and explore the Mayflower II, a full-scale replica of the celebrated sailing ship. View Myles Standish's sword, William Bradford's Bible and other artifacts belonging to the original colonists at the Pilgrim Hall Museum, witness participants in period costumes marching in the annual Thanksgiving procession, and more. Where to stay: Opt for a cozy fireplace suite at the John Carver Inn & Spa. Children will especially love the hotel's indoor pool with 80-foot water slide and Jacuzzi set amid an imitation Plymouth Rock. Where to eat: The Plimoth Plantation living history museum offers two popular Thanksgiving dinner options, a buffet and a more historically minded feast featuring greeters in authentic attire and menu items such as Indian pudding and split pea soup. Take in a parade: Philadelphia . The New York Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade may be the nation's most well-known, but Philadelphia's 6abc Dunkin Donuts Thanksgiving Day Parade is the oldest. Originally sponsored by Gimbels, it has been a Philadelphia tradition since 1920. A steady stream of festive floats, giant balloons, marching bands, choirs, dance troupes and even Santa liven up downtown during the hourslong event. Where to stay: The Embassy Suites Philadelphia-Center City is right along the parade route, making it easy to get there early and nab a prime viewing spot. Where to eat: Moshulu, a 20th-century, square-rigged sailing vessel-turned-restaurant docked along the Delaware River waterfront, makes a unique setting for savoring your Thanksgiving Day repast. Strap on the feed bag: Sonoma County, California . If you're one of those people who has to go up a pants size post-Turkey Day, then a trip to this food lover's mecca should be on the menu. You can eat and drink your way through hundreds of restaurants and wineries, all surrounded by a scenic backdrop of vineyard-filled valleys, towering redwoods and rugged coastline. Where to stay: The quaint Farmhouse Inn has just 18 rooms but loads of charm and amenities, not to mention an award-winning restaurant. Where to eat: Michelin-starred chef Charlie Palmer's Dry Creek Kitchen cooks up a Thanksgiving spread featuring fresh, local ingredients. Mouthwatering dishes include 60-hour braised short ribs with smoked potato fondue and bourbon pecan pie with bruleed marshmallows that are sure to please even the pickiest palate. Shop till you drop: New York . New York is synonymous with shopping, so where better to start your holiday gift buying than the Big Apple? Whether you hit Barneys, Bergdorf's, Bloomingdale's or any of the thousands of storefronts in between, you're sure to find that special something for that special someone. Where to stay: The elegant Iroquois in Midtown Manhattan offers a Black Friday Shopping Package that includes $25 toward the cost of shipping your purchases home, power bars and a thermos of hot chocolate or coffee to help keep you going on your quest for bargains. Where to eat: Thanksgiving and the first full day of Hanukkah haven't fallen on the same day since 1888, so why not celebrate by supping at the city's most famous Jewish eatery, Katz's? The deli's second annual all-you-can-eat Thanksgiving presentation features traditional favorites such as turkey and mashed potatoes alongside brisket, latkes, tzimmes, pickles and more. Hit the slopes: Salt Lake City . If you'd rather be outdoors doing something active than inside eating leftover turkey sandwiches and watching football, grab your Gore-Tex and get yourself a lift ticket. There are 11 ski resorts within an hour of Salt Lake City International Airport, so you can be off the plane and schussing on fresh powder in record time. Where to stay: The Cliff Lodge at Snowbird, set amid the picturesque Wasatch Mountains, boasts ski-in/ski-out access, ski lockers, equipment rental and repair, a full-service spa and even a licensed day care for those whose little ones aren't yet skilled ski bunnies. Where to eat: Dining at La Caille, once voted one of the most romantic restaurants in America and even dreamier when it's dressed up for the holidays, will make you feel like you're enjoying your Thanksgiving meal at a fabulous French chateau. Get away from it all: Vieques, Puerto Rico . Escape the chaos and stresses of the holiday season with a visit to this tiny island gem in the warm Caribbean waters just off the east coast of Puerto Rico. A U.S. naval bombing range and testing ground up until 2003, Vieques is now a tranquil retreat, where in-the-know travelers flee to commune with nature and disconnect from their devices. Where to stay: Hix Island House, a series of architectural concrete structures, readily conveys the desired minimalist, unspoiled vibe. There are no phones, televisions or air conditioners, just spacious, airy lofts designed to be at one with the environment. Where to eat: The W Retreat & Spa cooks up a special Thanksgiving meal at Sorce restaurant, but the more fitting choice would be to order a Thanksgiving feast to go from the W CafÃ© and spread it out on a secluded plot of beach somewhere.	Step back in time and explore a Mayflower replica in Plymouth, Massachusetts . A Manhattan hotel will help guests ship their Black Friday purchases home . Ski the Utah slopes for Thanksgiving and follow it up with a romantic dinner . New York City deli Katz's will host Thanksgiving dinner with deli sides .
By . Simon Peach, Press Association . Adam Lallana knows it is 'all-or-nothing' time for England and is confident of kick-starting their World Cup campaign against Uruguay. Roy Hodgson's side earned many plaudits for the manner in which they excited and enthralled against Italy, yet Saturday's match ended in a frustrating 2-1 loss. Defeat to the four-time champions is no disgrace but leaves England needing a positive result against Uruguay in Sao Paulo on Thursday. Let's go! Adam Lallana is confident of kick-starting England's World Cup campaign with a win against Uruguay . Looking forward: Roy Hodgson knows England realistically need something from the game in order to progress . Oscar Tabarez's side are in the same boat after suffering an embarrassing 3-1 loss to Costa Rica, meaning defeat would all-but end either sides' hopes of making it out of Group D. 'It's massive for us,' England midfielder Lallana said. 'We have to go all-out, but we know we need the win and we're confident. 'There were signs the other night that we're close and the lads know that it's all-or-nothing really. 'We've got great confidence in the camp and I'm certainly confident that we're going to get the win. 'We knew from the start that we'd be in a tough group and the Uruguayans are a tough team, but we're a strong team and we've got a great group of players. 'With just a few tweaks we can get this result.' Those adaptations were worked on during a closed training session at England's Rio de Janeiro training base on Tuesday. That's better! Wayne Rooney is expected to play in a more central role against Uruguay on Thursday . It appears those changes will see Wayne Rooney return to his favoured number 10 role against Uruguay, with Danny Welbeck playing on the left and Raheem Sterling wide right. 'Roy's had a day with the whole squad, working on a few things that he wanted to get across to the group, but as I said there were positive signs,' Lallana, likely to start from the bench again, said. 'We know we need to improve on the result, definitely, and on the performance if we can. 'If our performance is up there like it was the other night - and if we maybe work defensively on a couple of issues - then we're certainly confident of getting the three points.' Watching brief: Lallana is expected to start the game on the bench and come on as it progresses . In-form Daniel Sturridge completes England's exciting attacking quintet and, with more exciting talent waiting in the wings, Lallana believes they will soon defeat a top side. 'People have been talking about our creative play but I think it's maybe about that final pass, final cross or final finish,' the Southampton captain added. 'You can see that it's there but it's just about getting it over the line. One of these days we're going to put three or four past a top team. 'I see it in training, I see it in games, we just need that rub of the green and extra bit of confidence and then I think we will get that result.'	Southampton captain likely to start on the bench this Thursday . Wayne Rooney will be moved to a more central role .
The Environmental Protection Agency's top climate change expert and highest paid employee was sentenced to 32 months in federal prison today for defrauding the government. John C. Beale, who lives with his wife in Virginia, claimed he was a CIA agent working in Pakistan so he didn't have to show up for work for months at a time and defrauded the government out of more than $900,000. He said he did it out of 'greed' and got a 'rush of excitement' from it. The 65-year-old's 13 year scam was 'inexplicable' and 'unbelievably egregious', Judge Ellen Huvelle said in Washington D.C. federal court today. Fraud: John C. Beale (pictured on December 16 in court) admitted to defrauding the government out of $900,000 by not showing up to work . Beale has also agreed to pay $1.3 million in restitution and forfeiture to the government, NBC News reported. The . climate change expert, who reported directly to EPA Administrator Gina . McCarthy, said he was ashamed of his CIA scam, which he ran from 2000 . until earlier this year, according to court documents. Beale told the court today: 'Why did I do this? Greed - simple greed - and I'm ashamed of that greed.' He . also admitted that he got a 'sense of excitement' by telling coworkers . that he was a CIA agent - saying 'it was something like an addiction.' The . fraudster plead guilty in September for the scam that saw him take . almost $1 million in salary and benefits from the government over a . decade. No one at the agency questioned or looked into his claims that he was working undercover for the CIA, it was reported. EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy was Beale's boss during most of the 13 years he allegedly committed fraud . He . would leave the office for weeks or months - claiming he was at CIA . headquarters in Langley, Virginia, or in Pakistan working on covert . missions.  Beale has never even been to Langley. Really, . he was home reading, riding his bicycle or doing housework. Sometimes . he escaped to his vacation home on Cape Cod, prosecutors said. He . billed taxpayers for 33 plane flights between 2003 and 2011, including . personal trips to London and California, which he flew first class. He . stayed in five-star hotels and billed the government for expensive meals . and limo rides. The total cost: more than $266,000. He . also publicly 'retired,' but managed to continue drawing his $206,000 . salary for 18 months - despite brazenly throwing a retirement party for . himself that was attended by McCarthy. He even lied and said he had contracted malaria while serving in the Vietnam War in order to get a handicapped parking spot. He neither had malaria nor served in Vietnam, according to prosecutors. EPA Assistant Inspector General Patrick Sullivan told NBC that Beale perpetrated a 'crime of massive proportions.' He has been labeled a 'poster child for what is wrong with the government.' His sentence got a quick reaction from Capitol Hill and a top republican has demanded further investigation into the EPA to find out how Beale got away with his scam for so long. 'This case this morning highlights a massive problem with the EPA', Sen. David Vitter of Louisiana told NBC. Beale's direct boss, Gina McCarthy, was criticized for not noticing the scam going on right under her nose, but Sen. Barbara Boxer of California, who is chair of the Senate Environmental and Public Works Committee, defended McCarthy. 'I commend the EPA administrator (McCarthy) for taking steps to shine a light on the actions of this rogue employee, and her actions helped uncover these crimes', she said. Sullivan, who investigated Beale, said he believes the culture of the EPA made it ripe for this sort of fraud. Beale seen in court on December 16 as the trial for his fraud case was ongoing . 'There’s a certain culture here at the EPA where the mission is the most important thing,' he told NBC. 'They don’t think like criminal investigators. They tend to be very trusting and accepting.' Beale's lawyer had asked for leniency after a psychological review showed he had a 'highly self-destructive and dysfunctional need to engage in excessively reckless, risky behavior.' Beale is a Princeton-educated 'senior policy adviser' who worked as one of the EPA's top climate change experts. He . helped rewrite the Clean Air Act in 1990, led EPA delegations at . climate change conferences in 2000 and 2001, and helped negotiate carbon . emissions agreements with India and China. Sometime along his career, his work stopped being enough. He was caught only after McCarthy, who was appointed EPA administrator in July, discovered that he was still on the payroll in March 2012 - nearly six months after his retirement party. She called for an investigation, which led to the criminal charges. Beale didn't actually retire until this April. Beale is married to Nancy Kete, who President Barack Obama appointed the National Commission on the BP Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill and Offshore Drilling. She is currently managing director of the Rockafeller Foundation. The couple own a $872,000 townhouse in Arlington, Virginia, and a $626,000 vacation home on Cape Cod.	John C. Beale told the court he did it out of 'greed' and is 'ashamed' He admitted he 'got a sense of excitement' by telling coworkers he was a CIA agent . Beale has agreed to pay $1.3 million in restitution and forfeiture to the government . Claimed he was on covert assignments for CIA but really set home reading books or doing chores while earning $206,000 a year . Beale is married to Nancy Kete, who Obama appointed the National Commission on the BP Deepwater Horizon Oil Spill and Offshore Drilling .
Hong Kong (CNN) -- A violent attack on a group of Chinese students in a small town in southwest France has prompted anger and condemnation in China. During the assault Friday night in the town of Hostens, south of Bordeaux, one of the students suffered a serious injury after a glass bottle was thrown in her face, French authorities said. In France to study the making of wine, the six students were at home when they were attacked by three local residents who were "visibly in an inebriated state," French Interior Minister Manuel Valls said in a statement Saturday. He condemned the attack "with great severity," describing it as "xenophobic." Two of the suspected attackers have been questioned and taken into custody, he said. The Chinese embassy in Paris on Sunday "strongly condemned" the attack, calling on French authorities to "bring the perpetrators to justice and ensure the safety of Chinese students in the country," the state-run Chinese news agency Xinhua reported. Users of the popular Chinese social media platform Weibo also expressed anger over the attack and concern about other Chinese students living overseas. "Hope all students studying abroad take care of themselves and help each other," said somebody posting on Weibo under the username @Sunzhenming. There are more than 30,000 Chinese students in the French higher education system, more than any other overseas nationality, according to the French foreign ministry. The six who were attacked on Friday had been in France for two months and are due to study there for a year. The seriously injured student, who is about 20 years old, has been transferred to a hospital in Bordeaux for treatment, Walls said. The Chinese embassy has sent officials to Bordeaux to follow up on the situation and visit the injured students, Xinhua reported. Some Chinese social media users speculated that the high-level response to the attack by authorities in Paris and Beijing was because the students are the children of senior Chinese officials. "They must be sons or daughters of government officials, otherwise, how come they get so much attention?" asked @Moonyaohuihua. The local French newspaper Sud Ouest reported Sunday that the young woman with the face injury is the daughter of a Chinese "dignitary." The Chinese foreign ministry didn't immediately respond to a request Monday about her identity. French media and Xinhua reported that the three local men had attacked the Chinese students because they believed the students had called police earlier in the evening to complain about noise they were making. CNN's Feng Ke and David McKenzie, and journalist Audrey Shi in Beijing contributed to this report.	Six Chinese students were attacked by three drunk local residents, authorities say . One student suffered a serious injury after a bottle was thrown in her face . The Chinese embassy strongly condemns the attack . There are more than 30,000 Chinese students in French higher education .
A California surgeon has been disciplined for removing the wrong kidney of a federal inmate and leaving him with the diseased one. The Orange County Register reported Tuesday  that the state medical board placed Dr. Charles Coonan Streit on probation for three years. The board said Streit, a urologist who has had his license for 41 years, relied on memory to decide which kidney to remove because he didn't have access to the patient's complete medical records. Diseased: Dr. Charles Coonan Streit has been placed on three years probation for removing the wrong kidney of a federal inmate leaving him with the diseased one . The 2012 operation at Fullerton's St. Jude Medical Center involved a 59-year-old federal inmate. The hospital was fined $100,000 because CT scans were left in an office on the day of the surgery. The inmate, who was serving time at Terminal Island, a low-security federal prison in San Pedro, underwent a second procedure to have the cancerous kidney removed. An attorney representing Streit didn't reply to a message seeking comment. The Register reports that Streit  has been barred from supervising physician assistants and is required to enroll in a wrong-site surgery course offered by the University of California, San Diego School of Medicine. Fined: Fullerton's St. Jude Medical Center was fined $100,000 because CT scans were left in an office on the day of the surgery . Patient: Nurses and an anesthesiologist who assisted Streit in the surgery told inspectors that the patient told them the wrong side when they asked him which kidney was diseased (stock image) The board described Streit's conduct as 'an extreme departure from the standard of care,' and listed the many aspects of standard operating protocol that would have prevented the error. Streit and his assistants could have postponed the surgery until the proper records were available and could have done a renal ultrasound to determine which kidney was tumorous. Nurses and an anesthesiologist who assisted Streit in the surgery told inspectors that the patient told them the wrong side when they asked him which kidney was diseased. CBS news reports that though wrong-site surgeries are rare, -- occurring once every five to 10 years -- they are not unprecedented. The Register reports that the Department of Public Health have fined two other Orange County hospitals for wrong-site surgeries in the past seven years.	Dr. Charles Coonan Streit has been placed on three years probation for removing the wrong kidney of a federal inmate leaving him with the diseased one . Streit is required to take a wrong-site surgery course and is barred from supervising physician assistants . Those who assisted Streit in the surgery said the patient was the one who told them the wrong side .
Vivica A. Fox is a serial cougar! The 50-year-old star of films like Independence Day, Kill Bill and Soul Food has been quietly dating an actor almost 20-years her junior, and this isn't the first time she been with a much younger man. Fox has found love with 31-year-old co-star Robert Ri'chard. The two met on the set of the buzzed-about stripper film 'Chocolate City,' which was shot in Los Angeles in September. In the film, Ri'chard plays Devin - a college student recruited to be a stripper - and Fox actually plays his mother. Scroll down for video . Cougar: Vivica A. Fox, the 50-year-old star of films like Independence Day, Kill Bill and Soul Food has been quietly dating an actor almost 20-years her junior . Pumped: Robert Ri'chard plays Devin - a college student recruited to be a stripper - and Fox actually plays his mother in Chocolate City . Workout: When Ri'chard, who previously starred in TV series like One On One and Tyler Perry's Meet The Browns, was not shooting movie scenes or doing push-ups to keep his abs tight, he was sneaking off to Fox's trailer . Vivica, here with Donald Trump, joins Ian Ziering, Brandi Glanville, Geraldo Rivera, Kate Gosselin and Kenya Moore on the new season of Celebrity Apprentice . 'Oddly enough, despite the fact that she was playing his mother they had this magnetic chemistry,' a production insider tells MailOnline 'It was something about the way he looked at her that started people on the set chatting about something going on.' When Ri'chard, who previously starred in TV series like One On One and Tyler Perry's Meet The Browns, was not shooting movie scenes or doing push-ups to keep his abs tight, he was sneaking off to Fox's trailer. 'He always wanted to be around her. He kept finding ways to creep off to her trailer and they were always having to send a production assistant to go get him to come back and shoot scenes,' the insider added. Ri'chard wasn't shy around his co-stars when talking about Fox. When fellow actors like Tyson Beckford and Darrin Henson asked about their age difference, Ri'chard was clear: 'Age is nothing but a number,' he told them. Since the film has wrapped production, the couple has continued to date. The pair regularly have dinner together in Los Angeles and have quiet nights watching movies. In early 2003, Fox, then 37, started dating 24-year-old Washington Redskins player Darnerien McCants but the romance fizzled out after six months . Later in 2003, she dated rapper 50 Cent. She was 38 at the time and he was 27 . 'Vivica originally resisted dating someone as young as him. But he was so persistent that she gave in. She figured, if men his age are still interested in her, why shouldn't she date them,' said the insider. Fox, who ended her four-year marriage to aspiring musician Christopher 'Sixx-Nine' Harvest in 2002, has previously dated younger men. In early 2003, Fox, then 37, started dating 24-year-old Washington Redskins player Darnerien McCants. That romance fizzled out after six months. Later that year, she dated rapper 50 Cent. She was 38 at the time and he was 27. Their relationship had a tumultuous ending. In 2008, a 44-year-old Fox began dating 26-year-old Atlanta promoter named Omar 'Slimm' White. After three years of dating, the couple called off their 10-month engagement in 2011. Vivica will join Ian Ziering, Brandi Glanville, Geraldo Rivera, Kate Gosselin and Kenya Moore on the new season of Celebrity Apprentice.	Serial cougar Vivica A. Fox is quietly dating her Chocolate City co-star Robert Ri'chard, 31 . Ri'chard plays a college student recruited to be a stripper in the film and Fox plays his mother . Fox will compete in the new season of Celebrity Apprentice .
Nurses working for the Texas Department of Health and Human Services have not received ‘a single email about any process changes’ in the wake of the Ebola outbreak. This is just one of the shocking claims made by Texas nurse, Jordan Dewberry, who has launched an online petition demanding that the CDC provide US health-care workers with ‘hazmat suits and decom protocol.’ Ms Dewberry’s message could not be clearer. She wrote, ‘We are NOT ready for this disease.’ Nurses working for the Texas Department of Health and Human Services (not pictured) have not received ‘a single email about any process changes’ in the wake of the Ebola outbreak . In a fulsome statement posted today (Saturday) she explained, ‘I work for the Texas Department of Health and Human Services and we have not received a single email about any process changes. Nothing.’ The registered nurse continued: ‘Recently, National Nurses United – the country’s largest nursing organization – found that 76 percent of its members said their hospitals hadn’t communicated any policy about admitting Ebola patients. ‘Without the proper plan and equipment in place to keep us safe, we have a major problem.’ The petition, posted on change.org had already garnered close to 12,000 signatures – just 3,000 short of its aim - within just hours of being posted. According to Ms Dewberry, ‘Today many nurses don’t have the most appropriate resources (fluid-resistant gowns, goggles, gloves etc). So I’m asking the Centers for Disease Control: Why is the team decontaminating the nurse’s apartment in full hazmat gear when our health care workers caring for Ebola patients are provided with less than adequate protection?’ The Center for Disease Control has come under increasing fire for its failure to contain the virus brought into the country by Thomas Eric Duncan, 42, last month. The Center for Disease Control has come under increasing fire for its failure to contain the virus brought into the country by Thomas Eric Duncan, 42, last month . Two of the nurses who treated Mr Duncan at Texas Presbyterian Hospital, Dallas, are now fighting for their lives having been infected by Ebola themselves. Nurses Nina Pham, 26, and Amber Joy Vinson, 29, have now been moved to other facilities with isolation units capable of treating them. But concerns over just how sick nurse Vinson was when was given the all-clear to travel from Dallas to Cleveland and back on a bridal shopping trip continue to grow, along with grave concerns at the CDC’s handling of the crisis. A third health-care worker who handled Mr Duncan’s lab work has now shown Ebola symptoms after being allowed to board the cruise ship currently returning to Dallas after it was turned back from the ports of Belize and Mexico. Now, in her statement accompanying her online petition nurse Dewberry has brought fresh concerns to light and cast further doubt on the Administration, Texas State Health Department and CDC’s assertions that they are equipped to handle this crisis and have acted with ‘an abundance of caution’ at every step. A third health-care worker who handled Mr Duncan’s lab work has now shown Ebola symptoms after being allowed to board the cruise ship currently returning to Dallas after it was turned back from the ports of Belize and Mexico (not pictured) Texas Presbyterian Hospital has vigorously defended itself. In a statement issued last week the hospital pointed to the CDC’s constantly shifting guidelines as a cause of ‘frustration’ among healthcare workers struggling to abide by them. They added that many of the stories that have emerged – including claims that waste was left to pile ‘ceiling-high’ in Mr. Duncan’s treatment room – were ‘gross exaggerations’ and claimed that the hospital’s policy of ‘non-retaliation’ rendered such anonymous reports unnecessary and unhelpful. But Ms Dewberry is far from alone in her assertion that health-care workers are not being afforded the protection they so desperately need if the virus is to be contained and stopped in its tracks. She said, ‘Nurses are absolutely loud on their point: they want change and they want it now. ‘It’s time we stand up and demand that the CDC provide proper protective equipment to our healthcare workers caring for a patient with Ebola.’	Texas nurse Jordan Dewberry wrote that the state's Department of Health and Human Services has not received a 'single email about any process changes' The petition, posted on change.org had already garnered close to 12,000 signatures – just 3,000 short of its aim - within just hours of being posted . The Center for Disease Control has come under increasing fire for its failure to contain the virus brought into the country by Thomas Eric Duncan, 42, last month .
Freed Australian journalist Peter Greste will not be giving up his job as a foreign correspondent, despite a warning from his mother Lois that 'we are not going through this again'. Mr Greste was speaking at his first open media conference in Brisbane on Thursday after being freed from an Egyptian jail and deported from the country earlier this week. 'I don't want to give this up, my job up. I'm a correspondent, it's what I do,' he said. 'How I do it, whether I actually do go ahead with it I don't know.' His mother Lois said she had always believed her children should follow their passion. 'At the same time ... he has got to know that we are not going to go through this again.' Scroll down for video . Peter Greste told the media throng that it was 'incredible to here, I have dreamt about this so many times'. 'We are not going to go through this again' warned Peter Greste's mother Lois, as he vowed to return to work as a journalist despite his 400-day ordeal . Mr Greste spent much of his time in jail meditating, starting a masters degree in international relations with Queensland's Griffith University - doing his essays with pencil and paper - and working out with his cell mates . Mr Greste revealed he spent much of his time in jail meditating, starting a masters degree in international relations with Queensland's Griffith University - doing his essays with pencil and paper - and working out with his cell mates . 'I'm probably in better physical condition that I have been for the past 20 years or so,' he admitted. He described their ordeal as being similar to a 'near death experience' and vowed to do all he could to secure aid the release of his colleagues. 'We're going to all that we can to support that,' Mr Greste said. 'These guys are like brothers ... there's a lot that we share.' Mr Greste said he and his colleagues weren't abused while in jail. 'We were treated with respect and dignity as much as can be expected under the circumstances,' he added. The tears of joy flowed freely in Brisbane. Australian journalist Peter Greste and his parents are pictured at the news conference on Thursday. Mr Greste returned to Australia in the early hours of this morning after spending 400 days in a Cairo prison after he was arrested in December 2013 and charged with defaming Egypt and having links with the blacklisted Muslim Brotherhood . Peter Greste faces the Australian media in Brisbane, telling his peers he will return to work as a journalist . The 49-year-old Al Jazeera journalist landed at Brisbane Airport at 12.45am and, with a huge grin, stepped off the plane into the arms of his ecstatic family. He told the media throng that it was 'incredible to here, I have dreamt about this so many times'. Mr Greste paid tribute to his family's unwavering support and said their dignified campaign was the main reason behind his release. 'We were never really sure when it was going to end or how it was going to end.' However, his release was bitter-sweet. Mr Greste continues to advocate for the release of his colleagues Canadian-Egyptian Mohamed Fahmy and Egyptian national Baher Mohamed. The three men were sentenced to 10 years in jail in 2013, after being accused of helping the Muslim Brotherhood, an outlawed terrorist organisation, due to coverage of the violent crackdown on Islamist protests following the military overthrow of President Mohammed Morsi. Mr Greste insisted he would continue in his chosen profession: 'Far more doors opening up that I have had the chance to look through. I am a correspondent, it's what I do.' He said his colleagues were 'like brothers' and 'I trust they will follow in due course and when they (get out) we will party very hard'. 'Are you guys waiting for someone important?' Greste joked as he address media. 'I cant tell you how ecstatic I am to be here, this is a moment I've rehearsed over and over. Well, I've rehearsed it about 400 times over the last 400 days' Greste was quick to acknowledge his former inmates who remain behind bars, including fellow Al Jazeera staff: 'I will say this a million times, this is tempered with worry for my colleagues and all the other guys imprisoned beside me' He urged Australians to not forget the plight of those fighting for freedom in Egypt. 'This has generated a lot of goodwill in Australia. Egypt has a chance to show justice doesn't depend on nationality' An excited contingent of about 100 loved ones and supporters were waiting for Greste at the airport terminal, filled with relief after a long campaign to bring the reporter home. 'Are you guys waiting for someone important?' Greste joked as he addressed media. 'I can't tell you how ecstatic I am to be here, this is a moment I've rehearsed over and over. Well, I've rehearsed it about 400 times over the last 400 days.' Although, Greste was quick to acknowledge his former inmates who remain behind bars, including fellow Al Jazeera staff. 'I will say this a million times, this is tempered with worry for my colleagues and all the other guys imprisoned beside me.' 'If it's right for me to be free, it's right for all of us to be free. Freedom at last: Australian journalist Peter Greste, pictured on a beach in Cyprus on Tuesday, took to Twitter to express his sheer joy at being released from a Cairo Prison . Freed journalist Peter Greste's smiling family wait at Brisbane Airport in the moments before his plane landed . A large, excited contingent of loved ones and supporters were waiting for Greste at the airport terminal, filled with relief after a long campaign to bring the journalist home . Peter Greste's nephew tweets excitedly in the final few hours before his uncle's plane landed in Brisbane . He was released from prison and deported on Sunday after a presidential 'approval'. The official and an Interior Ministry statement said he was released under a new deportation law passed last year . 'Special thanks to all who've supported us over the past year. MUST NOT FORGET THOSE STILL IN PRISON @Bahrooz #FreeAJStaff @MFFahmy11… Keep shouting #FreeAJStaff' he wrote. Just prior to his first tweet in more than a year, a message on his account read: 'This is Mike who has been running Peter's twitter account since his arrest. A truly massive thank you to everyone who joined the campaign. It was followed by a Tweet that confirmed Greste was on his way home and looking forward to seeing his family again . However a shadow of grief continues to underlie even the Tweets of Greste, who continues to advocate for the release of his colleagues Canadian-Egyptian Mohamed Fahmy and Egyptian national Baher Mohamed .	Peter Greste has faced his peers at a media conference in Brisbane vowing to return to work as a journalist . His mother Lois joked that 'we are not going to go through this again' Greste returned to Australia after 400 day ordeal in Egypt jail . Peter Greste was released from a Cairo prison and deported on Sunday . He said his last words on leaving prison to his two colleagues who remain imprisoned in Egypt 'see you when I see you' Mr Greste spent much of his time in jail meditating, starting a masters degree in international relations and working out with his cell mates .
(CNN) -- Banned Pakistani cricketer Mohammad Amir could face more disciplinary action from the sport's governing body amid reports he took part in a village match in England. The 19-year-old fast bowler was forbidden from taking part in all forms of cricket for five years in February after being found guilty of deliberately bowling no balls in the spot-fixing scandal that engulfed Pakistan's series with England last year. Amir insisted that he was told his appearance for Surrey village side Addington 1743 would not violate his ban because it was a friendly match. But the International Cricket Council have confirmed to CNN that they will be investigating the incident and could mete out further punishment. Colin Gibson, the ICC's Head of Media and Communications, said, "We are investigating and awaiting the details. If true, it is clearly a breach of the sanction imposed in February. "The ban is absolutely worldwide covering all levels and any activities connected with cricket. What might happen next is a hypothetical question at this stage." British newspaper The Daily Star reported Wednesday that Amir played in the game against St Luke's and took four wickets before scoring 60 runs with the bat. He is said to have left before the end of the match. Two of Amir's teammates, former Pakistan captain Salman Butt and bowler Mohammad Asif were also banned by the ICC, for ten and seven years respectively, for their part in the gambling ring. Quotes from Amir appeared on Pakistani cricket web site  PakPassion.net on which he is reported to have said: "I was informed by club representatives before the game that it was a friendly match, being played on a privately owned cricket ground. "I asked the club representatives if the match fell under the jurisdiction of the ECB (England and Wales Cricket Board) and they informed me that the match did not. "I spoke to several club representatives about the issue, and they all told me that it was a friendly match and therefore would not contravene my ban from the ICC. I would not be stupid enough to knowingly play in a match that I knew would contravene my ban. "Wherever I am going to play cricket, the world will know about it. I would not be stupid enough to play in a match where I knew that I would be taking a risk." Meanwhile, the ICC confirmed England wicketkeeper Matt Prior has been "reprimanded" for smashing a window at Lord's after being run out during the second Test match with Sri Lanka. Prior was angry at being dismissed and hurled his bat down in the dressing room, causing another bat to smash the window, shattering glass on several spectators and allegedly cutting the ankle of a member of the crowd. Prior apologized immediately, and the ICC acknowledged that the incident was "purely accidental and without malice," though they could still fine the player up to 50 percent of his match fee. England team director Andy Flower saw the incident and told the ECB's official web site: "There was no real malicious intent at all. He was a little frustrated and shoved his bat in the corner, and it knocked around and bounced off one or two other bats and hit the pane of glass. "It was a freak accident but definitely an accident. It is a shame that people will think anything other than that. It is not a major incident by any stretch of the imagination, and everybody should put it behind them really. "If there was more to it, then of course it should be taken further. But there really is not."	ICC to investigate reports Mohammad Amir took part in a village game in England . Amir is serving a five-year ban from cricket after being found guilty of corruption . The 19-year-old Pakistani says he thought the match did not contravene his ban . Matt Prior reprimanded by ICC for smashing a window at Lord's cricket ground .
By . Amanda Williams . PUBLISHED: . 09:31 EST, 27 November 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 14:12 EST, 27 November 2012 . Charlotte Arnold took the decision to abort her unborn baby after losing her first son just weeks away from his due date. She has now developed an extreme phobia of pregnancy . A woman suffering with an extreme phobia of pregnancy had an abortion because she was too scared to have her baby, despite being desperate for a child. Heartbroken Charlotte Arnold, 24, from London, had the termination just weeks eight into her pregnancy. Her phobia was triggered by the horrific loss of her first baby son five weeks before he was due to be born. In . a devastating twist, the young woman had been forced to deliver . the stillborn baby, after doctors said he 'suffocated' in the womb. She is speaking out after a new . report found as many as one in six women could be affected by tokophobia – a severe fear of pregnancy and or childbirth. It even . suggests some sufferers are going as far as inducing miscarriage, . seeking sterilisation or terminating their pregnancy like Miss Arnold . did. The PA said: ‘I know lots of people won’t understand. I was . desperate to be a mother but was simply too terrified to continue with . the pregnancy. ‘As soon as I found out I was expecting I started suffering with anxiety and panic attacks. 'Deciding . to end the pregnancy was one of the hardest decisions of my life but I . knew there was no way I could get through it without having a breakdown. ‘I left the clinic in tears, heartbroken, but also relieved that I didn’t have to go through pregnancy and birth. I really felt like I had no choice. I was petrified. 'I hope this new report helps people understand what women like me go through.’ According to experts there are two main types of the condition. Primary tokophobia relates to childless women who have a morbid fear of pregnancy or birth and have consequently never been able to have children. Secondary tokophobia affects women who have experienced a traumatic pregnancy or birth experience, which leaves them too emotionally scarred to have more children. Miss Arnold said she had always dreamed of becoming a mother and was delighted when she fell pregnant in 2007. Her pregnancy went smoothly, but at 34 weeks she realised she had not felt her baby move for several hours. Because he was usually so active she and partner Mario Ecomomou 30, grew concerned and called their doctor. Miss Arnold had first been forced to bury her son, who died in her womb after she suffered undiagnosed pre eclampsia, in a shallow grave. She and partner Mario then moved him to a family tomb . At the time they were living in Cyprus and just weeks away from moving back to London to prepare. She said: ‘When staff at the clinic told me to make my way in I was more concerned that our baby might arrive early. I didn’t for a moment consider there was anything seriously wrong.’ But an ultrasound revealed devastating news - their son had died. She said: 'I remember the doctor shaking his head and saying ‘he’s gone.’ I didn’t understand what he meant. 'I was due to give birth so where could my baby have gone ? Then it hit me that he meant dead. I just couldn’t take it in.' Unbeknown to her she been suffering with pre-eclampsia, which leads to dangerous high blood pressure, water retention and protein in the urine of expectant mothers. Although the cause is not known, it is though to be linked to the placenta, which provides oxygen to the baby while it is in the womb. She said: 'The doctor matter of factly said my son had most likely suffocated inside me.I was horrified.  Hours earlier we’d been on top of the world planning our future, now our baby was dead.’ Just moments later Miss Arnold was told she would have to deliver her son who they had named George. She said: ‘I was in shock. But I could hear my partner remonstrating, saying that I was in no state to give birth and they needed to do a C section.’ ‘We had to wait in the clinic for an operating theatre to become available. All around me were pregnant women, some in labour. It was heartbreaking.’ Six hours later she was taken into theatre. ‘When I came round I looked down at my empty stomach and just started screaming for my baby. ‘I kept sobbing "I want my boy, bring me my boy," but nobody offered to get him for me.' Hospital staff later brought her her son, but would not let her hold him. Miss Arnold first fell pregnant while living in Cyprus, and her pregnancy had run smoothly, until 34 weeks . She had been nearly full term when she lost her son George. The harrowing experience which followed left her with a condition called tokophobia - which makes her petrified of giving birth . She said: 'I wanted to hold him but they refused so instead I stroked his cheek and held his tiny little hand. And then after a few moments he was gone again and that was it.’ There was no offer of footprints or a lock of hair to cherish as is routinely offered to grieving parents in the UK. Instead, in line with local tradition, their son was to be buried within 48 hours. She said then followed a 'nightmarish experience' in which she and her partner arrived at the cemetery to find there was no plot prepared. Instead Mario was forced to dig his own son's grave helped by a group of local family members with spades. The priest even refused to say a prayer because George had not been baptised. Later that night Miss Arnold suffered a breakdown. The next morning the couple returned to the cemetery to gently retrieve their son's casket themselves and take him to a family plot nearby. They washed the coffin down with bottles water, wrapped it in blankets, before taking it by car to a family plot to lay George to rest next to his late paternal grandfather. This is a scan of George, the couple's stillborn first child. The experience left Miss Arnold so traumatised, she aborted her second child . Weeks later she moved back to the UK to be with family and friends, but was haunted by nightmares and flashbacks. She said: 'I tried to focus on the thought he was resting now, but the nightmares were constant so I started counselling.’ Both Miss Arnold and her partner still wanted to become parents and she even hoped another child might help ease her pain. But when a year on she learned she was pregnant again she was suddenly engulfed by fear. ‘I wanted a baby, but all I felt was terror. My fear it would go wrong again was overwhelming. ‘I was suffering panic attacks, constant anxiety and dread. I was petrified that the same thing would happen again. ‘Seeing pregnant woman or tiny babies would set me off. ‘We’d also been told the pre eclampsia could come back and I just knew then that I couldn't go ahead with the pregnancy. ‘No matter how much I wanted a baby I was simply too frightened.’ Miss Arnold had always considered herself anti abortion, but as each day of her pregnancy passed it started to feel like her only escape from the daily terror. Initially she said was afraid of admitting to her partner that she wanted a termination, scared he would not understand . But in the end her phobia made the choice for her and, supported by her partner, she booked a termination at eight weeks. Miss Arnold said she did not regret her decision: ‘It would have pushed me over the edge. The fear was so great it would have finished me. I did the right thing at the time. After a visit to her GP to discuss her fear of pregnancy, she was prescribed antidepressants, but after several months decided to stop taking them. It’s been three years since Miss Arnold's termination and she said she is now considering trying again after receiving counselling for her phobia. She said: ‘Mario has been a saint he really has but I know he wants us to start a family and so I’m doing my best to get my head in the right place. ‘Some days I think it might be possible. Other days I imagine leaving hospital without a baby again and it leaves me terrified. ‘Maybe the report will lead to women like me being offered more help and support. I want to overcome this phobia with all my heart and I know that I will. It’s just a question of when.’	Charlotte Arnold, 24, lost her first son just weeks before he was due to be born . She was desperate for a child, but terrified of going through the distress again . She terminated her second child at eight weeks - but after counselling she and her partner are now considering trying for another .
By . Liz Hull . Victim of thugs: Grandmother of five Gillian Dudley-Smith . A retired teacher collapsed and died of a stroke after teenage thugs set fire to her car in the middle of the night, an inquest heard. Gillian Dudley-Smith, 78, a talented botanical artist, dialled 999 after a passing taxi driver alerted her to the Ford Fiesta ablaze on her driveway. As she stood helplessly watching the car go up in flames from her window, the grandmother of five suffered a massive stroke. She died a few hours later in hospital. An inquest was told two boys aged 14 and 15 were arrested in connection with the arson attack outside the £250,000 North Wales home that Mrs Dudley-Smith shared with her husband of 50 years, Eric. But they were later released without charge and no-one has ever been brought to justice for the crime. Coroner John Gittins said the stress of the blaze led to Mrs Dudley-Smith’s stroke. ‘Whoever set fire to the car on that night has played a part in her death,’ he said. The inquest heard there had been a spate of cars being set on fire in the Caia Park area of Wrexham  where the couple lived. Mr Dudley-Smith, 81, usually parked his wife’s car in the garage overnight. But he had recently had back surgery and decided to leave it in the driveway on the evening of November 13 last year. Shortly before 4am Mrs Dudley-Smith, a regular churchgoer, was woken by a taxi driver who knocked on the front door to say the car was ablaze. She dialled 999 and stood watching the fire from their window. Mr Dudley-Smith said: ‘She sat down on the chair and suddenly, without warning, seemed to subside and slipped down the chair onto the floor.’ He told the court that a few days earlier his wife, who suffered from high blood pressure, had been upset after their garage and car were broken into. Police officer Michelle Robertson, who attended the scene, said the mother of two was showing symptoms of a stroke. Mrs Dudley-Smith was taken to Wrexham Maelor hospital, where she died a few hours later. A post-mortem examination confirmed the stroke caused her death. Two youths seen running from the scene were arrested but told police they were in bed at the time. ‘Following an extensive investigation a decision was made that there was insufficient evidence to prosecute,’ said Mr Gittins, coroner for North East Wales. Returning a narrative verdict, he added: ‘It is probable that the stress of the event led to the development of this condition and hence to her death. This is a very tragic case.’ Mrs Dudley-Smith was an acclaimed botanical artist at Ness Botanic Gardens in Wirral, and had exhibited her work across the country. Her husband described her as a ‘truly wonderful wife and mother’. Last night neighbours condemned the behaviour of the yobs who set fire to her car. Louise Ban, 49, who runs her own cleaning firm, said: ‘This was a horrible incident and an indictment of our society today.’	Gillian Dudley-Smith died after Ford Fiesta was set ablaze on her driveway . Two boys aged 14 and 15 were arrested in connection with the arson attack . But they were later released without charge and crime has gone unpunished .
Stephan El Shaarawy helped himself to two goals as Real Madrid were comprehensively beaten by AC Milan in a mid-season friendly in Dubai on Tuesday evening. Carlo Ancelotti's side entered the winter break on the back of a record 22 consecutive wins but Cristiano Ronaldo and Co were second best to a Milan side currently occupying seventh place in Serie A. Jeremy Menez opened the scoring for Pippo Inzaghi's side before El Shaarawy doubled Milan's lead after half an hour. Ronaldo pulled a goal back for Real before half time but El Shaarway netted his second of the game just minutes after the restart. AC Milan captain Riccardo Montolivo holds aloft the Dubai Football Challenge trophy after beating Real Madrid 4-2 . Stephan El Shaarawy scored twice for AC Milan as they beat La Liga leaders Real Madrid 4-2 in a friendly on Tuesday evening . Keylor Navas  looks on after El Shaaraway scores for Milan as the Madrid defenders appear dejected . Jermey Menez slides the ball past Keylor Navas to open the scoring for AC Milan during the friendly in Dubai . Menez wheels away after beating the Real Madrid keeper to set Milan on their way to a comfortable victory . Real Madrid: Navas, Arbeloa, Coentrao, Varane, Nacho, Illarra, Isco, Khedira, Jese, Ronaldo, Hernandez . Subs: Casillas, Pacheco, Pepe, Kroos, Benzema, Rodriguez, Bale, Carvajal, Raul de Tomas, D. Llorente, M. Llorente . Booked: Pepe, Kroos, Carvajal . Scorers: Ronaldo 35, Benzema 84 . AC Milan: Diego Lopez, Bonera, Mexes, Zapata, Albertazzi, Montolivo, De Jong, Muntari, Bonaventura, Menez, El Shaarawy . Subs: Agazzi, Abbiati, Pazzini, Rami, Essien, Poli, Niang, Saponara, Armero, Dias, Da Costa, Zaccardo, Mastour . Booked: Mexes . Scorers: Menez 24, El Shaarawy 31, 49, Pazzini 73 . Giampaolo Pazzini and M'Baye Niang combined with the former heading home the latter's cross with under 20 minutes to play before Karim Benzema scored from the penalty spot in the closing stages as Los Blancos tasted defeat for the first time since September, albeit in a meaningless friendly. Carlo Ancelotti will not be too concerned by his side's loss after picking a less than full strength team for the glamour friendly in the middle-east and will be expecting Real to continue their winning streak post-winter break. Menez broke the deadlock in the 21st minute when he latched on to Nacho's under-hit back pass. The France forward provided a smart finish after feigning to shoot and cutting back onto his left foot before sliding the ball under Keylor Navas. Milan doubled their lead minutes later when El Shaarawy shifted the ball from his left foot onto his right before firing a a precise finish past the helpless Navas from 20 yards. Cristiano Ronaldo halved the deficit for Real after he was released down the right channel and shot from the edge of the box, finding a huge gap at the near post before Milan keeper Diego Lopez could set himself. El Shaarawy restored Milan's two-goal advantage shortly after the restart when he found acres of space in the Real penalty area and shaped as if he were going for the far corner before dragging his shot to the near. Milan put the game beyond Real when substitute Niang picked out the run of Pazzini who planted a header past Iker Casillas from the edge of the six-yard box, Karim Benzema completed the scoring for the night when he fired a penalty into the top corner. Menez is congratulated by his team-mate Philippe Mexes after giving AC Milan the lead against Real Madrid . Cristiano Ronaldo got himself on the scoresheet in the first half to halve the deficit before half time . Karim Benzema makes no mistake from the penalty spot to reduce the deficit to two in the closing stages . Gareth Bale attempts to evade the challenge of Mexes after coming on a substitute for Real . Bale unleashes a left-footed drive but fails to find the net as Real Madrid lost for the first time since September .	Real Madrid lost 4-2 to AC Milan as the two sides played a friendly in Dubai during the winter break . Jeremy Menez opened the scoring before Stephan El Shaarawy doubled Milan's lead in the first half . Cristiano Ronaldo pulled one back for Carlo Ancelotti's side before half time . El Shaarawy scored his second and Milan's third just four minutes into the second half . Substitute Giampaolo Pazzini combined with M'Baye Niang to make it 4-1 in the 72nd minute . Karim Benzema was on target for Real from the penalty spot to pull one back with just over five minutes to play .
By . Sarah Dean . The former child actress, who exposed her Hey Dad! co-star Robert Hughes of his child sex abuse, is moving on from her home in Texas, USA after urging other victims to come forward against celebrity perpetrators of sex crimes. Sarah Monahan put the San Antonio house she shares with her American husband, Matt Morris, on the market almost a month after Hughes was jailed for at least six years for 10 child sex offences. And last week, she urged other abuse victims to come forward against celebrity perpetrators of sex crimes, in the wake of Rolf Harris being found guilty of indecently assaulting four girls in the UK. The brave ex-actress first spoke out about Hughes in March 2010, when in an interview with Woman's Day magazine she revealed that she was sexually abused on the set of Hey Dad! sometime between 1987 to 1994. Ms Monahan played schoolgirl Jenny Kelly on the sitcom from the age six. Scroll down for video . Moving on: Sarah Monahan spoke out about actor Robert Hughes who abused her on the set of Hey Dad! Convicted: Rolf Harris (left) has been found guilty of of indecently assaulting four girls in the UK. Robert Hughes (right) was sentenced on May 16 to a maximum 10 years nine months with a non parole period of six years for the child sex offences he committed between 1983 and 1991 . The Australian, now 37, is advertising the property on her website. 'It's been a wonderful home for us. I've actually lived there longer than any other house,' she wrote. 'We threw amazing parties there, it's perfect for entertaining. We're sad to leave such a beautiful home, but we know someone else will enjoy it as much as we did,' Ms Monahan, who was born in Sydney and met her husband in Brisbane, added. Hughes, 65, was sentenced on May 16 to a maximum 10 years nine months with a non parole period of six years for the child sex offences he committed between 1983 and 1991. Speaking out last week after Harris was found guilty of indecently assaulting four girls in the UK, she said: 'I know there's several people in Australia who are wondering whether to speak up about others in the industry. You don't have to go public like I did, but please go to the police.' Predator on the set: Judge Peter Zahra said Robert Hughes wandered naked among Hey Dad cast members (above) and that he placed his hand on the bottom of child star Sarah Monahan (right), exposed his penis to her and after one episode grabbed and touched her intimately while pretending to tickle her . 'Let's keep speaking up about these unspeakable acts. Let's teach these predators that they are no longer untouchable. 'When I went public four years ago, it was still taboo to point the finger at a celebrity for having committed a sex crime,' she said. Describing the house which she hopes to sell now that she and her husband have relocated to be closer to her job, she said: 'The house is in the city of Windcrest. It has it's own police and fire departments, with an average response time of 90 seconds. – yep, we know from experience.' Ms Monahan and her husband are making a fresh start away from their 2,400 square foot house in a much smaller home after she became 'fascinated with the tiny house' movement, which advocates living simply in small homes. American home: Ms Monahan and her husband are making a fresh start away from their 2,400 sqare foot house in Texas, USA . 'It's been a wonderful home for us': Writing about the house she is leaving behind, Ms Monahan said she ensured it had an Australian element with a salt water pool . The tiny house movement is a return to houses less than 1,000 square feet, and Monahan has bought one with wheels - similar to an RV - which is built to last as long as traditional homes. Writing about the house she is leaving behind, she said she had ensured it had an Australian element to it despite being located in Texas, USA. 'We changed the pool equipment and now have a salt water pool. I really missed salt water pools from Australia, so Matt upgraded for me. It’s 12,000 gallons of backyard bliss,' she said. When Hughes was sentenced before a packed gallery at the Sydney District Court, Judge Peter Zahra said he had not expressed remorse. Hey Dad! cast members (clockwise from left) Christopher Truswell, Julie McGregor, Paul Smith, Sarah Monahan, Robert Hughes and Simone Buchanan . Hughes (left), pictured arriving at Downing Centre Local Court in March, was convicted of 10 child sex offences. Ms Monahan (right) starred as his young on-screen daughter, Jenny . 'His conduct continued over 20 years. [Even] after he was questioned by police in 1986 it continued,' he said. 'The offender took advantage of when he was with victims in social settings in his home or at victims' homes. 'He lacks insight into his offending and he is unlikely to access treatment programs.' Ms Monahan reacted to the news by saying she is 'happy' and that she hopes Hughes now 'realises he's a bad man' Judge Zahra said he had considered the 'substantial effect' of Hughes conduct on his victims who now suffered from constant fear, eating disorders and who lacked the ability to lead normal lives.	Sarah Monahan exposed her on-screen father Robert Hughes' sex abuse . She played schoolgirl Jenny Kelly on Hey Dad! from the age of six . In May, Hughes was sentenced to a minimum six years in jail . Was convicted of 10 child sex offences between 1983 and 1991 . Ms Monahan is now leaving her 'huge' Texas home . As Rolf Harris was found guilty of abuse last week, she urged other victims to come forward against celebrity perpetrators of sex crimes .
