Aberystwyth University's Prof Mark Macklin said magnitudes could be 40% greater than planned for in some areas. He told BBC Wales Natural Resources Wales (NRW) is failing to use all historical data to predict the risks. A NRW spokesman said its flood maps were not underestimating the problem but it was considering using the data. Prof Macklin, who heads the university's river dynamics and hydrology research group, questioned why NRW uses river gauges from the past 50 years only to predict flood risk. He told Week In Week Out his researchers had found "evidence of much larger and more frequent floods" in the 18th century, which were between 20% and 30% larger. Among areas most at risk, Prof Macklin said parts of the upper River Severn in Powys could see flood magnitudes between 20% and 40% greater than what had been experienced since 1980. "We will need to rethink and re-map our flood plains to look at changing flood risks. If we don't, we're going to put more properties and livelihoods at risk," he said. Despite Â£7m being spent on new flood defences in Llanrwst in Conwy Valley, residents on Conway Terrace had their properties flooded on Boxing Day 2015 when a temporary dam was not put up in time. An NRW spokesman said while it did not accept its flood maps were underestimating the risks, it was aware of Prof Macklin's work and was considering a pilot study to see if it could use the data in its modelling.	Lives and homes are in danger because the flood risk in Wales is being underestimated, according to a rivers expert.
There have also been calls for Rural Affairs Minister Elin Jones to resign following the ruling. The appeal court halted the assembly government's planned cull of around 1,500 badgers to try to stop TB in cattle on Tuesday. The Badger Trust appealed against the cull questioning its effectiveness. Three judges announced the trust's appeal against a judicial review which had backed the cull was successful and quashed the order. Lord Justice Pill said the assembly government was wrong to make an order for the whole of Wales when it consulted on the basis of a Intensive Action Pilot Area (IAPA) which only supported a cull on evidence within the IAPA Dairy farmer Brian Walters, vice president of the Farmers' Union of Wales, said the decision would have a huge impact on farming. "The fact it's not happening now in north Pembrokeshire I think is a major disaster for the industry in the whole of Wales," he said. "In my area and to the west in the cull area, we were looking forward to having some sort of control of the disease and the wildlife... we have incidents of one in every seven badgers with TB on them and comparing that with cattle with one out of 140 cattle with TB." Stephen James, NFU Cymru's deputy president, said increasing cattle controls while doing nothing to prevent TB in badgers would cause the disease to spread and "wreck the lives of a growing number of farming families". But Tina Sacco, a farmer in Pembrokeshire, did not support the cull and believes a vaccination programme would be a better option. "One thing we do know is that a cull has been proved over a 40-year period never to have worked - that's why we're back where we are now," she said. "Vaccination programmes have been used throughout the world to conquer all sorts of diseases in both man and animals." Meanwhile Liberal Democrat AM Peter Black, who was a leading campaigner against the proposed badger cull in the Welsh Assembly, said he believed Rural Minister Elin Jones had "mishandled" the cull "from the start". "Not only did she get the order itself wrong, leading to this decision [in the appeal court], but she also embarked on a course of action in defiance of all the scientific evidence," he said. But First Minister Carwyn Jones has supported his minister, saying that the defeat in the courts did not reflect poorly on her. "It's important that we deal with TB in Wales because it's a problem that is growing," he said. Under the cull, badgers were to be trapped in cages and shot. Anti-cull protesters, led by the Badger Trust, argued it had not yet been scientifically proven that badgers are implicated in the transmission of TB within cattle and it doubts a cull would help eradicate the disease.	Farmers' unions have described a decision to quash a proposed cull of badgers in north Pembrokeshire as a disaster for farming.
With 99% of the votes counted, his conservative National Coalition Party had 18.2% compared to the opposition Centre Party's 21.2%. "It seems as though the Centre has won. Congratulations," Mr Stubb told Finland's YLE public broadcaster. The election campaign was dominated by the country's protracted recession and other economic issues. A year of stagnation in 2014 was preceded by two years of recession and unemployment now stands at 9.2%. The Centre Party is led by millionaire former IT executive Juha Sipila. The YLE website's tracking of the results put the NCP marginally ahead of the right-wing eurosceptic Finns Party (17.6%) and the Social Democrats (16.5%). YLE forecast that the Centre Party would get at least 49 seats in the 200-member parliament, while the National Coalition Party would have 37. "I think this gap will be enough," Mr Sipila told MTV3 broadcaster. "This result will enable several possible coalition combinations." Mr Sipila was relatively unknown in Finland until he became leader of the Centre Party three years ago. He has publicly criticised Mr Stubb's plans to cut 6bn euros (Â£4.3bn) from budget deficits over the coming four years, dismissing the proposal as unrealistic. Mr Sipila has pledged to create more than 200,000 jobs in the next 10 years. Finland's economy has been the main issue during the election campaign. The governing coalition has struggled to push through reforms, leading to a reduction in support for Mr Stubb ahead of Sunday's vote.	Finnish Prime Minister Alexander Stubb has lost the general election, near complete results show.
Five-year-old Callum Smith is said to be one of only a handful of children in Northern Ireland with this form of the condition, called Duchenne. His mother Laura has said the family had high hopes he would get the revolutionary treatment. The Health and Social Care Board said they can't comment on individual cases. Laura Smith told BBC Radio Foyle that she was horrified when she heard the news. "We were told on Tuesday that his individual funding request to access the drug Translarna had been turned down. "The treatment we need will only help a small percentage of boys with Duchenne because each case has a different mutation. Fortunately, Callum fits into this criteria. "Effectively this drug will give him a longer quality of life. To have that last glimmer of hope taken away from us is heartbreaking." In a statement the Department of Health said they were not involved in the assessment of the application. A spokesperson for the Health and Social Care Board said: "For Translarna, cost effectiveness has not yet been issued by NICE or the SMC. In this circumstance Translarna is not currently commissioned in Northern Ireland."	The mother of a Limavady boy, who has a rare form of muscular dystrophy, has said she is devastated that a request for treatment has been turned down.
Mr Smith's body was found on the beach at Victoria Park on 26 March, a month after the teenager was reported to have fallen from cliffs at Arbroath. A coastguard helicopter, lifeboats and coastguard rescue teams all took part in a search for the teenager. Mr Smith's friends and family conducted their own searches of the coastline after the official operation ended.	The body of a man discovered on a beach at Arbroath has been confirmed as missing 18-year-old Ralph Smith.
The Briton, 29, will end the year at the top of the rankings if he wins the title at London's O2 Arena. Murray faces Croatia's Cilic in his opening round-robin match at approximately 20:00 GMT. "I just want to finish the year on a high note by playing well," the Scot told BBC Sport. "If I finish number one, that's great, but that wasn't a goal of mine a few months ago. I wanted to put myself in a position to hopefully get there at the beginning part of next year." Switzerland's Stan Wawrinka plays Kei Nishikori of Japan in Monday's first singles match at 14:00, live on BBC Two and the BBC Sport website. Murray overtook Novak Djokovic at the top of the rankings last week and is locked in a battle with the Serb to see which of them ends the year as world number one. Djokovic opened with a three-set win over Dominic Thiem on Sunday, and knows that two group-stage wins followed by a record sixth ATP Finals title would see him reclaim top spot. However, Murray can deny Djokovic if the Scot wins the season finale for the first time. "He said that it wasn't a focus to be world number one this year," said BBC Sport commentator Andrew Castle. "But with the Wimbledon title and Olympic gold behind him, he perhaps reset himself after the US Open and just said, 'It's available and I'm going to go for it.' "He basically won every single match for the last six weeks." Media playback is not supported on this device By his own standards, Murray has a relatively mediocre 11-11 record in eight previous appearances at the ATP finale, but he arrives this year in as strong a position as ever. He is on a 19-match winning streak, and took three days off following his Paris Masters win before practising on the newly speeded up O2 Arena last week. "The court's definitely a bit faster than it has been in the past, so that changes the way you play the matches a little bit," said Murray. "But I think that's a positive thing. At the end of the year, when the players have played a lot of tennis, to play on the slowest court with really, really long rallies is tough, so it will shorten the points a bit and maybe make for some better tennis." Murray has enjoyed the best season of his career, but if he is to hold on to the number one spot he must come through the most difficult run of matches he has faced in terms of rankings. The Briton will play world number three Wawrinka, number five Nishikori and number seven Cilic in the John McEnroe Group, with only two progressing to the semi-finals. First up is Cilic, who beat Murray last time out in Cincinnati three months ago but has won just three of their 14 matches. "He's been on an amazing run these last few weeks, he's going to be extremely motivated and he's going to have the crowd on his side," said Cilic. "I just hope I'm going to continue with this good form I had the last few months."	Andy Murray will hope to tighten his grip on the world number one ranking when he plays Marin Cilic at the ATP World Tour Finals on Monday.
Sgt Craig Davenport and Sgt Stephen Suffield took items including body armour, distraction grenades, flares, and night-vision goggles from Stirling Lines Army Camp in Hereford. Portsmouth Crown Court heard these were then passed to Andrew Stevens, who sold globally through contacts on Ebay. All three admitted conspiracy to commit theft. Some of the stolen items were on an official list of items Attractive to Criminal and Terrorist Organisations (ACTO), prosecutor Adam Norris said. "The significance is our security forces, if dealing with a situation, would not want to be confronted with the sort of equipment they themselves use," he said. Military gaming business owner Stevens, 41, from Horndean in Hampshire - who was arrested after radioactive material in night-vision goggles set off an alert in Heathrow airport in June 2015 - was sentenced to two years in prison. Nina Tavakoli, his lawyer, said her client had become "blinded with his obsession with collecting military paraphernalia". She said: "He no longer wants anything to do with it, he is now collecting Star Wars paraphernalia instead." Thirty-year-old Afghanistan and Iraq veteran Davenport, from Crewe in Cheshire, was jailed for 22 months. Judge Claudia Ackner told him: "You have thrown away all you have achieved from your long career." Suffield, 28, who resigned from the Royal Logistics Corp in Chippenham, was handed an 18-month prison sentence suspended for two years and ordered to carry out 200 hours of unpaid work and pay £2,500 compensation. His lawyer said he got involved to pay off £16,000 if gambling debts.	Two soldiers and an accomplice have been sentenced for stealing £45,000 of SAS equipment from an army camp.
They served as stretcher-bearers at the Battle of the Somme, performed concerts to lift spirits and their bass drum was even used as a communion table. The Somme took the lives of Lance Corporal Joseph Scott, from Moore Street, and Rifleman George Mills, from Pine Street. They were killed on 1 July but many more would die before the end of hostilities. Established in 1856, the Hamilton Band is one of the oldest in Northern Ireland. They formed the nucleus of the regimental band of the 10th battalion of the Royal Inniskilling Fusiliers. Following completion of training in Ireland, the 10th Inniskillings moved to England and subsequently to France. Once there, the men encountered combat and the awful reality of trench warfare for the first time. After the Armistice those members who had survived the war undertook the process of re-building the band. They had a bit of work to do as the battalion band had taken most of the instruments with them to the front. It meant that when the band was revived, all of the drums and most of the flutes were missing. Eventually the original drums were returned and Ian Bartlett, curator at St Columb's Cathedral, said they now hang in the Chapter House. "This (bass drum) was in use right through the First World War and was, in fact, used to form a communion table on the battlefield on Sundays when the band celebrated the sacrament of Holy Communion. "It was re-presented to the band when it reformed in the city after the war. They used it, I believe, until the 1970s when it was then laid up in the Chapter House." Robert McGonagle, Hamilton Flute Band secretary, praised the men's courage. "I just wonder would it happen now if we met such circumstances? "The dedication and the bravery of all those people that joined up and went away into the unknown was amazing and probably wouldn't be repeated nowadays." Those who lost their lives will be honoured during the act of remembrance at the war memorial in Derry. This year there will also be a special drum service held at St Columb's Cathedral to mark the contribution of the Hamilton Flute Band. "We felt that a wonderful way of marking the commemorations was to have a piece of music specially composed," said Robert. "We  commissioned a piece built around the Battle of the Somme and how the members joined up, marched to the war and went over the top of the trenches." You can hear more about the Hamilton Flute Band and their remarkable story here.	When World War One broke out in 1914, members of Londonderry's Hamilton Flute Band joined up "to a man".
The game was immediately disrupted on the opening whistle as Addicks fans pelted the pitch with miniature footballs and taxis in protest against absentee Belgian owner Roland Duchatelet. Josh Magennis saw a ninth-minute effort cancelled out for offside, while Charlton keeper Dillon Phillips' blushes were spared when his clearance hit Leon Clarke and flew just off target. Sheffield United broke the deadlock on 32 minutes when John Fleck's free-kick was played short to Mark Duffy inside the box, who cleverly lifted an angled shot from the right of the area and into the net. Billy Sharp almost added a second with the last kick of the opening half but instead fired straight at the Charlton keeper. Sharp's overhead kick was easily dealt with by Phillips early in the second period and moments later the home stopper was at full stretch to tip behind Fleck's long-range drive. Phillips came to the rescue once again for Charlton with a top class save to somehow deny Duffy and was on hand to prevent substitute Caolan Lavery heading home 10 minutes from time. They paid the price deep into stoppage time when Bauer met Adam Chicksen's free-kick and prodded in from close range to spoil Sheffield United's day. Report supplied by the Press Association. Match ends, Charlton Athletic 1, Sheffield United 1. Second Half ends, Charlton Athletic 1, Sheffield United 1. Goal!  Charlton Athletic 1, Sheffield United 1. Patrick Bauer (Charlton Athletic) header from very close range to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Adam Chicksen. Daniel Lafferty (Sheffield United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Foul by Daniel Lafferty (Sheffield United). Jordan Botaka (Charlton Athletic) wins a free kick on the right wing. Corner,  Sheffield United. Conceded by Kevin Foley. Corner,  Sheffield United. Conceded by Morgan Fox. Daniel Lafferty (Sheffield United) wins a free kick on the right wing. Foul by Fredrik Ulvestad (Charlton Athletic). Paul Coutts (Sheffield United) is shown the yellow card. Corner,  Sheffield United. Conceded by Jason Pearce. Substitution, Charlton Athletic. Jordan Botaka replaces Andrew Crofts. Attempt saved. Josh Magennis (Charlton Athletic) left footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Attempt saved. Caolan Lavery (Sheffield United) header from the centre of the box is saved in the bottom right corner. Chris Basham (Sheffield United) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Lee Novak (Charlton Athletic). Hand ball by Kevin Foley (Charlton Athletic). Delay over. They are ready to continue. Substitution, Sheffield United. Stefan Scougall replaces Mark Duffy because of an injury. Delay in match Mark Duffy (Sheffield United) because of an injury. Foul by Fredrik Ulvestad (Charlton Athletic). Daniel Lafferty (Sheffield United) wins a free kick on the right wing. Hand ball by Lee Novak (Charlton Athletic). Jason Pearce (Charlton Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Billy Sharp (Sheffield United). Corner,  Sheffield United. Conceded by Patrick Bauer. Corner,  Sheffield United. Conceded by Jason Pearce. Corner,  Sheffield United. Conceded by Morgan Fox. Substitution, Sheffield United. Caolan Lavery replaces Leon Clarke. Leon Clarke (Sheffield United) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Patrick Bauer (Charlton Athletic) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by Leon Clarke (Sheffield United). Attempt blocked. Andrew Crofts (Charlton Athletic) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Corner,  Charlton Athletic. Conceded by John Fleck. Morgan Fox (Charlton Athletic) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Chris Basham (Sheffield United). Substitution, Charlton Athletic. Lee Novak replaces Nicky Ajose. Attempt blocked. Kieron Freeman (Sheffield United) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Corner,  Sheffield United. Conceded by Dillon Phillips.	Patrick Bauer left it late to rescue a point for Charlton by equalising deep into stoppage time against Sheffield United.
The 2012 Tour de France champion has been focusing his efforts on qualifying for this year's Games in Rio. But he will ride for Team Wiggins in the three-day race, which runs from Friday 29 April to Sunday 1 May. World champion Lizzie Armitstead is in the women's one-day race, which starts in her home town Otley and follows the men's route, finishing in Doncaster. British Olympic track champion Danielle King and Paralympic champion Dame Sarah Storey will also tackle the 135km course. The men's race begins with a 186km race from Beverley to Settle and finishes in Scarborough after a 198km race from Middlesbrough. Norway's Lars Petter Nordhaug won last year's race and is back to defend his title, with British road champion Pete Kennaugh also in the Team Sky squad. By Matt Slater, BBC Sport: Sandwiched between older and bigger races, and forced to share its slot on the calendar with a key warm-up race for the Tour de France, the fledgling Tour de Yorkshire was always going to have to take baby steps to respectability. But the field for the second edition of the race suggests this baby is finding its feet. Sir Bradley Wiggins is back for the next stop on his farewell tour, as are last year's winner Lars Petter Nordhaug and French favourite Thomas Voeckler. Nordhaug's star-studded Team Sky are also bringing British duo Pete Kennaugh and Luke Rowe to give them a few options for victory. Their main opposition is likely to come from a strong Orica GreenEDGE line-up - Bury's Adam Yates, in particular - and the Giant-Alpecin team led by great French hope Warren Barguil. And if the men's roster looks like a step-up in quality on last year, the women's field is a giant stride forward, led by Yorkshire's very own world champion, Lizzie Armitstead.	Sir Bradley Wiggins will take time out from his Olympic track preparations to ride in the Tour de Yorkshire.
The 26-year-old German suffered the injury in the 1-1 Premier League draw with West Brom and was taken off on a stretcher after 56 minutes. Kirchhoff, who can also play at centre-back, missed the start of the season with a similar injury before returning at the start of September. Sunderland are bottom of the table after two points from seven games. It is the latest injury setback for the Black Cats after winger Adnan Januzaj was ruled out for a minimum of six weeks with an ankle injury.	Sunderland midfielder Jan Kirchhoff has been ruled out for six to eight weeks with a hamstring injury.
The people have now decided that they don't want her as their president. Ms Le Pen lost this election comprehensively. But at her campaign headquarters, she and her supporters chose to define success in a different way. The National Front is a movement which measures its progress over decades. The party began in 1972 as a fringe, extremist group; for years, it was ignored or boycotted by much of the rest of the country. Its founder Jean-Marie Le Pen influenced the national debate, but was incapable of winning power. In the 2002 presidential run-off, Mr Le Pen's progress was blocked by a so-called Republican Front - the decision by all mainstream parties to stick together and back Mr Le Pen's opponent, President Jacques Chirac. Fifteen years on, Marine Le Pen has fractured the front, which once united against her father. In winning more than 30% of the run-off vote, she has taken a significant step towards her goal of making her movement respectable and electable. Read more In 2002, Jean-Marie Le Pen's opponents refused to appear on stage with him - for fear of legitimising him as a politician. In 2017, Marine Le Pen took part in debates, and came across as an accepted member of the political class. Her run-off endorsement by a small party candidate - Nicolas Dupont-Aignan - gave her further legitimacy. But all this only took her so far in this election. Marine Le Pen may now try to broaden her party's approach. In her concession speech, she announced plans to form a new political movement, in alliance with Mr Dupont-Aignan and others. She'll even re-name her party, on the assumption that the National Front's name is an obstacle to winning over more voters. Ms Le Pen also insisted that hers was now the main opposition force in the country. That may be true in the very short term. France's mainstream right-wing and left-wing parties are still trying to work out how to recover from their respective first round defeats in this election. But the far right politician faces serious problems ahead. Her widely criticised performance during the run-off debate calls into question her ability to win over a greater share of the electorate in the future. Investigations into alleged financial misconduct relating to the way she runs her European parliamentary office may continue to cause her problems. What's more, Marine Le Pen's party only has two MPs in the French National Assembly (out of a total membership of 577). She'll have a chance to improve this in parliamentary elections in June. But it is a meagre base from which to build a true opposition force. One of the party's two sitting MPs is her own niece, 27-year-old Marion Marechal-Le Pen. Ms Marechal-Le Pen is increasingly popular within the party, and takes a more hardline position than her aunt. It's conceivable that the younger Le Pen may seek to make a future challenge for the leadership (for a movement which has its roots in the idea of a Republican France, the National Front continues to display quasi-dynastic/monarchical tendencies). At the party's campaign headquarters on election night, supporters carried blue-coloured roses, Marine Le Pen's favoured symbol. The heavily defeated candidate even danced to I Love Rock and Roll (incidentally demonstrating that whatever presentational skills she possesses do not immediately transfer to the disco floor). It may have been a strange way for a beaten presidential hopeful to spend the night, but this party has long term plans. Supporters will save their blue roses for 2022.	"It's the people who decide," Marine Le Pen told me during the final days of the run-off campaign.
The musician beat the likes of Louis Armstrong, Ella Fitzgerald and Billie Holiday - all of whom made the top 10. Votes were cast by listeners of BBC Radio and Jazz FM, and revealed on pop-up radio station BBC Music Jazz. Jazz FM presenter Helen Mayhew called Davis "the epitome of cool". "Miles was at the forefront of key developments in the sound of jazz through each decade of his long career. "He's also responsible for recording the biggest-selling and most universally loved jazz album of them all, the 1959 album Kind of Blue." The full top 10 - derived from a shortlist of 50 - was: Describing the top 10 as "the best of the best," Radio 3's Geoffrey Smith said the first three positions were all occupied by "immortals" of jazz music. He described them as "Duke, the orchestral master; Louis, the father of us all; and Miles, the essence of the ever-changing contemporary spirit." Raised in St Louis, Missouri, Davis pioneered several styles of jazz - including cool jazz, hard-bop, modal jazz, jazz-rock, jazz-funk and the use of electronics. "To be and stay a great musician. you've got to always be open to what's new, what's happening at the moment," he wrote in his autobiography. "You have to be able to absorb it if you're going to continue to grow and communicate your music." The first jazz musician to incorporate the rhythms of rock and roll, he became an inspiration for generations. Among his best-selling albums were the experimental, improvised double set Bitches' Brew and the meticulous, introspective Birth of the Cool, a compilation that charted his development of the cool jazz sound. Kind of Blue is known as a jazz record even non-jazz fans will own. It broke new ground as Davis dispensed with chords as the basis for improvisation, instead favouring modal scales and tone centres. Key to everything was his expressive trumpet playing, which had a voice as distinctive as any of the singers on the BBC Music Top 10. Saxophonist Dave Liebman, who played with Davis in the 1970s, said the musician was the "[Martin] Scorsese and [Francis Ford] Coppola of jazz". "He knew what you need to do to have a great production - lights, sound, position, script, etc. "Most of us played a certain way with Miles that we never played again. Somehow he got you to do what he needed... and what you wanted." The star died in 1991 of pneumonia, respiratory failure and stroke. Miles Ahead, a film inspired by his life starring Don Cheadle as Davis, premiered at the New York Film Festival last month.	Miles Davis, the trumpeter whose lyrical playing and ever-changing style made him a touchstone of 20th Century music, has been voted the greatest jazz artist of all time.
The move is despite the fact that Labour's National Executive Committee is still reviewing whether it should fight elections in NI. The candidates say they will disband their representation committee once the Labour leadership gives local people permission to contest future elections. But they insist they cannot wait for Labour's official review to conclude. They have registered a new political party under the name Northern Ireland Representation Committee. "We've had such a demand since the leadership election campaign last summer our membership has gone up from 350 to 1,800 members and supporters," the party's Kathryn Johnson said. "We've had such a demand from people in the local constituencies we're standing in, we didn't think we could wait any longer."	Eight members of the UK Labour Party are standing as candidates for the Northern Ireland Assembly.
After 46 years of production it was switched off about noon. Its owner, Scottish Power, said the high cost of connecting to the grid was to blame. Friends of the Earth Scotland said the move showed the positive steps taken in the fight against climate change. During its lifetime, more than 177 million tonnes of coal was used along with 2.7 million tonnes of heavy fuel oil and 2.4 million cubic metres of natural gas. More than 60 billion cubic metres of cooling water from the Firth of Forth has also passed through the power station. It was the largest power station in Europe when it went online in 1970, capable of producing 2,400MW of electricity for the national grid and powering over two million homes each year. It was only meant to be operational for 25 years but even through its last winter Longannet remained a key energy provider, the operator said. Alex Pollock, who worked at the station for 29 years before retiring in 1998, said he felt "sorrow" at it closing down. He said: "When I started in 1968 they were still building the place. "It was exciting because we knew this was going to be the largest power station in Europe at the time when it was built. For me it was good to start and grow with the building. "There will be a lot of sadness in the community because people, local shops, local businesses, contractors have made a good livelihood at Longannet. "There's a lot of people just like ourselves who have had a good standard of living, a lot of families probably in exactly the same position." Alex's son, Ronnie Pollock, said: "I'm going to leave a lot of good memories behind. "It's going to be a devastating loss, it's been a huge chapter in my life. "I've been here 21 years, started in 1995, and it's been a huge part of the family between myself, my dad and my brother - we've got over 74 years' service at Longannet power station, and a great loss to be leaving Team Longannet. "They've been a great bunch of guys to work for and it's been a great place to work as well." Hugh Finlay, the generation director at ScottishPower, said: "Coal has long been the dominant force in Scotland's electricity generation fleet but the closure of Longannet signals the end of an era. "For the first time in more than a century no power produced in Scotland will come from burning coal. "The highly-skilled team at Longannet have worked hard in difficult circumstances over the last six months to ensure that the station continued to operate at a high level over the winter. "Originally designed to run for 25 years, the success of Longannet has been driven by substantial investment over the years and by the dedication of the men and women overseeing the station's operations." The 236 staff will leave the plant for the final time on Thursday, with many moving to work elsewhere for ScottishPower or taking retirement. The company said it is still working to help around 5% of workers find alternative employment. Friends of the Earth Scotland said it would be an emotional day for workers at the site but believed the closure was necessary. Director Dr Richard Dixon said: "For the first time in at least 115 years there will be no coal being burned to make electricity anywhere in Scotland. "For a country which virtually invented the industrial revolution, this is a hugely significant step, marking the end of coal and the beginning of the end for fossil fuels in Scotland." WWF Scotland director Lang Banks said: "The closure of Longannet marks an historic and inevitable step in our energy transition as Scotland becomes one of the first nations to end its use of coal for power. "While the power station has served the nation for many years, the world is moving forward to cleaner, cheaper forms of renewable energy generation."	Longannet Power Station in Fife has switched off its four generating units for the last time, signalling the end of coal-fired electricity production in Scotland.
A window in the Wetherspoon Rodborough Buildings in Guildford was broken in two places in the attack on Wednesday. "People were pretty frightened and were hiding under the tables and running down the stairs," said BBC Surrey reporter Adrian Harms. Surrey Police said it was believed stones were thrown at the window. "I did see people standing on the roof of the Friary Centre opposite who looked as though they were throwing objects in the direction of the pub," said Harms, who was in the pub at the time. Police officers searched the area with the help of the National Police Air Service but no culprits were found. Nobody was injured. The town centre was closed for 45 minutes after the attack at 21:00 GMT. Richard Potts, operations manager at The Friary, said: "We are aware of an incident that took place yesterday evening close to The Friary and have liaised with Surrey Police. "The incident did not take place in The Friary, which was closed at the time, and The Friary opened this morning as usual."	A Surrey town centre was closed and the police helicopter deployed after diners were showered with glass in an attack of vandalism on a pub.
The five other Scottish Wildcat Action priority areas are Strathbogie in Aberdeenshire and Strathavon in Moray. Also, Morvern, Strathpeffer and Northern Strathspey' in the Highlands. Few pure-bred Scottish wildcats survive because of crossbreeding with feral cats and also loss of habitat and disease. Images of wildcats captured on camera traps are used to identify wildcats from feral cats. Scottish Wildcat Action is a partnership project involving more than 20 organisations including Scottish Natural Heritage and the Royal Zoological Society of Scotland. It is funded by Heritage Lottery Fund and Scottish government.	The Angus Glens has the "most quality wildcats" of six areas designated as Scottish wildcat sanctuaries, the project's co-ordinators have said.
Doncaster came from behind to win 2-1 at London Bees thanks to two goals from Courtney Sweetman-Kirk. Reading won 3-1 away at Watford in the day's early kick-off before their promotion was sealed when third-placed Yeovil failed to beat Oxford. Reading remain second, three points behind the Belles, but with a game in hand on the leaders. At The Hive, the Belles fell behind to Emma Whitter's early goal before Sweetman-Kirk, the league's top goalscorer, netted either side of half-time to reach 20 league goals for the season. That win was enough to secure promotion for Doncaster regardless of other results, ensuring a return to the top flight for the first time since their controversial demotion in 2013. Kayleigh Hines' early goal for Oxford saw them win at Yeovil, with the midfielder later involved in a collision which saw Nat Haigh taken off with a serious-looking head injury. Melissa Fletcher, Helen Ward and Rachel Rowe all scored for the Royals at bottom club Watford, who did pull one back with an Ellie Mason penalty. Elsewhere, Aston Villa won 2-1 away at Millwall Lionesses.	Doncaster Rovers Belles and Reading were both promoted to Women's Super League One after victories on Sunday.
Suzanne Harding was "absolutely thrilled" to be recognised for her work with the Isle of Man Samaritans following 35 years of service. Trudi Williamson was "shocked and surprised" to become an MBE for her services to the Manx community. Julia North, 79, from Marown, received a British Empire Medal (BEM) for her work in the Manx community. Mother-of-one Mrs Williamson, from the Midlands but now living in Union Mills, said: "It is great to have three women honoured it is real girl power." Mrs North told the BBC: "I was in shock when I received the call. It is is unbelievable really."	Two women have been appointed MBEs in the Queen's Birthday Honours for their services on the Isle of Man.
David Savage, 44, of Warrington, admitted owning a dog dangerously out of control in a public place at Halton Magistrates' Court. Magistrates gave him an eight-week jail term, suspended for a year, and ordered his dog be destroyed. Gemma Antell, the owner of the Pomeranian dog Elvis, who died, said: "Nothing is going to bring him back." Elvis was being walked by Mrs Antell's mother-in-law when he was attacked in a garden on Kingsway South, Warrington, on 6 July. Savage's dog was being walked by Susan Campbell, 44, of Warrington. She appeared in court charged with being in charge of a dog dangerously out of control and is due to attend a further hearing on 7 October. Savage was told by magistrates he must take part in an alcohol treatment plan and pay the victim Â£300 compensation. He is also banned from keeping dogs for 10 years. Mrs Antell attended the sentencing hearing on Monday and wrote on Twitter she "cried her eyes out". She added: "I had to tell my distraught kids. I had to take his decapitated dead body to the vets. "They should realise the hurt they have caused."	A man has been given a suspended jail sentence after his Staffordshire bull terrier decapitated a smaller dog.
The demonstration, organised by Irish language support group Conradh na Gaelige, is scheduled for 12 April. Local and European election candidates are to be canvassed on their attitude to Irish and asked to honour promises. News of the Belfast demonstration follows a rally attended by thousands of people in Dublin on Saturday. Irish language enthusiasts said they intended to press the Irish government and the Northern Ireland Assembly to recognise their language rights and ensure "equality for the language throughout the island". Conradh spokesman Julian de Spáinn said: "There will be a number of actions in the weeks ahead including a demonstration in Belfast on 12 April. "This demonstration will focus on the need for a rights-based Irish language act in the north. "There is nothing unusual about legislation to protect speakers' rights. There is such legislation in the south of Ireland, in Wales and in Scotland." Mr de Spáinn said the campaign would also focus on the upcoming local and European elections. "We will be asking candidates to choose a future for Irish, and when elected, to act on that choice made." A demonstration is also to be held in Connemara, at the offices of the Irish government's language commissioner. The commissioner, Seán Ó Cuirreáin, has announced his resignation in protest at what he described as the marginalisation of the Irish language by the government of the Republic of Ireland. The Northern Ireland Assembly was recently criticised in a Council of Europe report for failing to provide the council with information on the use of both Irish and Ulster-Scots, because the NI parties could not agree a submission.	Irish language campaigners are to hold a demonstration in Belfast to highlight the need for a rights-based Irish language act in Northern Ireland.
Peter Redwood-Smith, 21, from Rayleigh, Essex, took Pica on after a customer found him injured outside the shop. Mr Redwood-Smith said the magpie stuck by him constantly although the bird was free to fly away at any time. "I'm very connected to him, he's kind of like a child - not to sound too soppy - he's bonded up to me," he said. As reported by The Essex Chronicle, Pica was rescued from the clutches of a cat when he was about two weeks old. "One of my customers found him just outside my shop and saved him from being dinner, because he was so wobbly he couldn't outrun the cat," Mr Redwood-Smith recalled. I knew a bit about magpies before this - I knew the Latin was pica pica, and that's where I got his name. "I knew the diet, and I knew they were intelligent but I didn't know to the full extent, and after researching I found they're more intelligent than I could have imagined." Pica is fed on a diet of cooked chicken, duck and turkey, as well as raw pheasant and meal worms, crickets and locusts, which they eat in the wild. Mr Redwood-Smith said his feathered friend had "flown off on several occasions" in the seven weeks they have been living together, but had always come back. He said the birds, which have a lifespan of 20 years, "bond up to their mate for life". "I'm ready for 20 years of magpie friendship, whether I want it or not - I think I'm stuck with him and he's stuck with me." The RSPB says it does not recommend hand-rearing young magpies as they can seek human company when released back into the wild.	A pet shop owner who is hand-rearing a young magpie said he has had offers of £1,000 to buy the bird "but wouldn't sell him for 10 times that much".
Keiji Furuya and Yoshitaka Shindo visited the shrine to mark the 69th anniversary of Japan's surrender in World War Two. The Yasukuni shrine commemorates Japan's war dead, including convicted war criminals. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe did not visit the shrine but sent a ritual offering instead. Internal Affairs and Communications Minister Yoshitaka Shindo, a regular visitor to the shrine, said he was not worried that his visit would cause diplomatic tension. "Many valuable lives perished in the war. I came here to pray so that something like this will never happen again," he said. The shrine is dedicated to souls of Japanese nationals who died in wars, but those venerated include 14 convicted Class A war criminals. A museum in the shrine's grounds is also deeply controversial because of the way it presents Japan's World War Two history. Visits to the shrine anger China and South Korea, who see it as a symbol of Japan's World War Two aggression and accuse Tokyo of failing to show adequate remorse. China said it resolutely opposed such visits, calling the shrine a "spiritual tool of Japanese militarism". "Only when Japan earnestly faces up to and deeply reflects on its history of aggression and completely makes a clean break from militarism, can it be possible for Sino-Japanese relations to achieve a healthy and stable development," said Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying in a statement. South Korea's foreign ministry said it "cannot help deploring" the visit and Mr Abe's offering, according to Yonhap news agency. South Korean President Park Geun-hye also called on Japanese leaders to show sincerity over historical issues, in a speech commemorating the end of Japanese colonial rule. Ties between Tokyo and its two closest neighbours have been severely strained by both historical issues and separate territorial disputes. While Washington has been mediating relations between Seoul and Tokyo, tensions between China and Japan remain high. Mr Abe paid a visit to the shrine in December, prompting a rare US rebuke. He and the Chinese president have not yet held a formal summit, but met on the sidelines of the G20 summit in St Petersburg last year. The two sides are reported to be eyeing a similar meeting at a regional forum later in the year.	Two Japanese cabinet ministers have visited the Yasukuni shrine, angering neighbours South Korea and China.
The tech giant's shares hit $133.89, beating its previous peak of $133, before closing 1.6% lower at $130.56. The fall helped nudge the tech-heavy Nasdaq into a loss, closing 0.1%, or 4.8 points, lower at 5,055.42. Meanwhile, the Dow Jones closed up 0.4%, or 72.17 points, at 18,110.14, while the S&P 500 jumped 5.84 points, or 0.3%, to 2,114.76. "Apple's numbers were phenomenal, but yet the stock is down. I think people were expecting a blowout quarter ... so it's kind of a sell-the-news situation," said Michael James, managing director of equity trading at Wedbush Securities. Shares in Twitter also weighed on markets, plunging 18.2% after the social media firm's first quarter results were released earlier than expected. The unexpected announcement, while markets were still trading, gave investors a chance to react to the worse-than-expected sales figures. Whirlpool was one of the other biggest fallers. Its shares dropped 7.1% to $183.7 after the firm cut its profit forecast for 2015, blaming the strong dollar and Brazil's weak economy. On the upside, shares in drugs firm Merck rose 5% after it reported better-than-expected results.	(Close): US stocks were mixed on Tuesday after a fall in Apple's shares helped drag the Nasdaq lower.
Manchester Crown Court heard that Stephen Archer wrote "Karma has punished you through me" on the card after throwing petrol over his sister Julie Archer and igniting it. Prosecutor Mark Kellett said Mr Archer, 50, "must have intended to cause serious harm or to kill her". Mr Archer denies murder and arson with intent to endanger life. Ms Archer, 49, died from "horrific injuries" three days after Mr Archer, threw a mixture of petrol and mineral spirit on her at her home in Newton Heath, near Manchester in February, the court heard. Mr Kellett said: "The defendant emptied the bottle of flammable liquid over her, ignited the vapour and set fire to Julie and the house. "The Crown say the defendant must have intended to cause at the very least really serious harm or to kill her." Ms Archer's daughter, Quibilah Archer-Cunningham, 19, was upstairs at the time and described hearing a loud explosion that resembled an "earthquake". Despite suffering 95% burns, Ms Archer told paramedics: "He's done it, he's thrown it at me", and added: "My brother Stephen, he has been threatening to kill me and my sister for the last three weeks since my dad died." Mr Kellett said the actions of Mr Archer were the result of "growing hostility" towards his sisters Julie and Gillian following the illness and death of their father Jeffrey. Mr Archer was arrested on 4 March after he was spotted by an off-duty police officer at New Mills railway station, the court heard. When arrested, he told officers: "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to kill her. I just wanted to maim her." Mr Archer made no comment in interview, but after he was charged with murder he wrote to the Crown Prosecution Service and referred to the death as "a freak accident". The trial continues on Monday.	A man killed his sister by setting fire to her and then posted her a "get well soon" card, a jury heard.
Police have issued a warning after the incident in the Peebles area. The fraudster said he was calling from the Royal Bank of Scotland and that his victim's account had been compromised. He told the elderly man that police were already aware of the situation and called back two days later to convince him to transfer thousands of pounds into a holding account. Police said anyone being contacted with such claims should hang up immediately.	A caller claiming to be from a bank's fraud department has conned an 86-year-old Borders man out of £20,000.
The early exchanges between Owen Smith and Stephen Crabb summed up the central question: are people feeling the economic recovery? Owen Smith's claim was that there was an "epidemic" of insecurity in the jobs market and growing inequality as reflected in the rise in the use of food banks under the Conservative-led coalition. The counter claim from Stephen Crabb was to accuse Labour of portraying the Welsh economy as being "Victorian" when most of the new jobs are full time and permanent. Whoever wins on Thursday will have done so by persuading people to trust them on the economy. Another feisty exchange related to the formation of a government in the event of a hung parliament. Owen Smith openly floated the idea of a Labour minority administration, and dared Leanne Wood to ensure Plaid Cymru didn't oppose it in a way that would allow a Conservative government in. This is Labour's strategy. A formal coalition and an informal deal with the SNP have been ruled out.  Labour leader Ed Miliband pressed the nuclear button on Thursday when he even went as far as to say that, in effect, he would prefer to be in opposition than do a deal with the SNP. It was a clear indication that Labour is preparing for a minority government and it will dare the nationalist parties to bring its legislative programme down. But Plaid says it'll only fail to support a programme of government from Labour if it fails to address its concerns, so if the minority government falls then Labour has no-one to blame but itself. The prospect of a blame game between Labour and the nationalist parties falls into the hands of the Conservatives who are trying to make political capital out of it at every opportunity. I expect we'll hear plenty about moral legitimacy over the next few days. A senior Welsh Conservative suggested to me that he felt Labour would be able to form a government even if it had up to 15 fewer seats than the Conservatives but if that figure rose to between 30 or 40 then Labour would struggle to carry the moral legitimacy argument. Of course it's not a question about being the largest party but about being able to form a government. The former Welsh Secretary Paul Murphy told Radio Wales on Sunday morning that Labour could justify governing without being the biggest party if most of the MPs in the Commons were from the left. The big winner from last week's debates was the audience. The campaign so far has been stage managed with little exposure of the political leaders to the public, or the group that are referred to in newsrooms as "real people". Like elsewhere, this has happened in Wales. David Cameron has been in a brewery, a timber mill and the Royal Welsh showground where he addressed party members. Ed Miliband has come closer to being exposed to the public with his people's question time sessions in Cardiff and Barry in recent weeks. A quick word on Plaid's involvement in the UK-wide debates. Senior figures tell me they were expecting plenty of coverage in the media that traditionally covers politics as a result of Leanne Wood's participation in the UK leaders' debate - but the extent of the interest in her has caught them by surprise. The challenge for them is turning that media attention into votes.	The final Welsh leaders'debate on Friday threw a clear spotlight on some of the major themes that have arisen so far in the campaign.
15 September 2016 Last updated at 06:53 BST The album, called 'Music for Cats' was created by David Teie, an American scientist and musician, who plays in the US National Symphony Orchestra. David thinks that all mammals, like cats, enjoy listening to music, and respond to it when they hear it. Cats have a really good sense of hearing, and can hear many more sounds than both humans and dogs can - including very high-pitched, ultrasonic sounds. With this in mind David used special sounds in his music, such as meowing, and sound effects which only cats can hear. He says the music is supposed to help calm cats, and make them happier when they listen to it. Video footage courtesy of: "David Teie: Music For Cats"	A musician has created an album especially for cats, which aims to make them happier as they listen to it.
Powell, 21, has featured twice for the Red Devils this season. He started his career with Crewe before joining the Premier League side as an 18-year-old for £3m in 2012. Slovakian Kuciak, 30, has signed an 18-month deal with the Championship promotion hopefuls. Find all the latest football transfers on our dedicated page.	Hull City have signed Manchester United forward Nick Powell on loan until the end of the season and Legia Warsaw goalkeeper Dusan Kuciak for an undisclosed fee.
Confirming the move, President Taur Matan Ruak's spokesman said the request would now be considered. After East Timor won independence Mr Gusmao, a former guerrilla leader, became its first president and then PM. But he has hinted for some time that he would like to step down and allow a new generation of leaders to come forward. "The government confirms that the prime minister of Timor-Leste... has sent his letter of resignation from the post of prime minister to the president of the republic," a government statement said. "It is now for the president of the republic to consider and respond to the letter of resignation," it added. It is not yet clear who might replace Mr Gusmao, 68. For many in East Timor, he is a legendary figure, says the BBC's Karishma Vaswani in Jakarta. He spent 17 years in the mountains, waging a difficult war against Indonesia's occupation. Eventually captured, he spent seven years behind bars but continued to lead the struggle for independence. When it came, Mr Gusmao became East Timor's leader but the days of glory were short-lived, our correspondent adds. The country was soon plunged into economic crisis and political instability. High unemployment has meant many young people are disillusioned with the way the country is run. Mr Gusmao has remained a unifying figure but he has also recently battled allegations of corruption and nepotism within his party.	East Timor's Prime Minister Xanana Gusmao - who led the nation to independence from Indonesia in 2002 - has submitted his resignation letter.
The DUP, which has eight MPs, has said it "will have further discussions with the government and will need to see the motion which will be voted on". The party said its deputy leader Nigel Dodds has "consistently said there needs to be a plan with a clear exit strategy". However, Mr Dodds has previously been quoted as stating "we have always said we can back British military force, provided it is realistic and in the national interest. The scene is set for our action being just that." In the Commons last week, Mr Dodds went even further in indicating his party's support for air strikes. The North Belfast MP warned against "the consequences of appeasing and indulging terrorism". He said that for the DUP "the important issues are an effective overall strategy, the targeting of terrorists, and that there is an end point. "We stand ready to do what is in the best interests of our national security. If it protects our people, here and abroad, we must act." In August 2013, the DUP opposed Mr Cameron's plan to launch air strikes against President Assad. One factor in the party's thinking was the position of Christian groups in Syria - the DUP had been lobbied by Christian groups who regarded Assad as the lesser of two evils. However, that argument doesn't apply to attacks on IS. At the recent DUP annual conference, East Belfast MP Gavin Robinson again emphasised the need for the protection of Christian minorities in Syria. As well as the backing of the DUP's eight MPs, Mr Cameron is likely to enjoy the support of the two Ulster Unionist MPs. Fermanagh MP Tom Elliott is a former Ulster Defence Regiment Soldier, while South Antrim MP Danny Kinahan was a captain in the Blues and Royals Regiment. Last week, Mr Kinahan told the Commons "we want to see Daesh totally defeated" before arguing for the better distribution of humanitarian aid in the area. By contrast with the two main unionist parties, the three SDLP MPs seem certain to oppose any air strikes. Back in September 2014, the SDLP voted against the RAF participating in strikes against IS in Iraq, even though military support had been requested by the Iraqi government. Last week, Foyle MP Mark Durkan said many of the arguments against intervening as an ally of President Assad also applied to David Cameron's latest proposal. Mr Durkan warned MPs against feeding "the evil we want to defeat". Like the SDLP, Sinn FÃ©in is opposed to the air strikes. However the party's four MPs don't take their seats in the Commons so won't participate in this week's vote. It is understood the North Down Independent Unionist MP, Lady Sylvia Hermon, is still undecided and will make her mind up after listening to the full debate in the Commons. Lady Hermon voted in favour of the Iraq war back in 2003, but voted against the proposed air strikes on President Assad in in August 2013. The North  Down MP didn't vote when the Commons divided on air strikes against IS inside Iraq in September 201 Earlier this year, Lady Hermon expressed her concern about the plight of refugees fleeing the war in Syria and commended volunteers in her constituency who had collected clothing, shoes and other goods to help refugees in the camps at Calais.	As the House of Commons prepares to vote on David Cameron's call for air strikes against IS held territory in Syria, it looks like a majority of Northern Ireland MPs will back the prime minister.
Rio 2016's organising committee is two weeks late in paying 8m euros (£7m) in travel grants to athletes. It is thought up to 50 nations may be unable to afford to send athletes to the Games, which start on 7 September. Rio mayor Eduardo Paes has promised to cover the costs. However, there is an injunction on the use of government funds. The grants, paid to national Paralympic bodies, cover the travel costs for athletes and officials. The IPC said reports that the Games will not go ahead were "unfounded", but that cuts would be made to services if no extra funding was available. Although Paes said he was prepared to provide BRL 150 million (£36.5m), funding from municipal and federal governments cannot used unless organisers are transparent with their financial records. Craven added: "The organising committee has now committed to paying these grants by the end of the month. "Failure to do so could result in a number of countries being unable to attend the Rio 2016 Paralympic Games." Baroness Tanni Grey-Thompson, who won 16 Paralympic medals, including 11 gold, for Great Britain, said she was shocked by the scale of the problem. She told BBC Radio 4's The World Tonight that any cuts would set "a negative tone for the Games", adding: "This has to be sorted as soon as possible."	Athletes' chances of travelling to the Paralympics in Rio are "precarious" despite a day of emergency talks, says International Paralympic Committee president Philip Craven.
