Jodel  Société Avions Jodel is a French aircraft company started in 1946 by Édouard Joly and his son-in-law Jean Délémontez. Jodel designed a range of light aeroplanes shortly after the Second World War. The popular myth is that the two with no formal aerodynamics training set about designing a single-seat aircraft with some spare plywood and a small Poinsard aircraft engine. The result was the 1948 D9 Bébé (Baby) model.	company
Virtu Financial  Virtu Financial is one of the largest high frequency electronic trading and market making firms. Virtu executes various trading strategies in equities fixed income currencies and commodities across numerous stock exchanges and other markets. Virtu uses proprietary technology-enabled strategies to trade large volumes of securities.	company
Fort Digital  Fort Digital Pte Ltd (formerly Fort Digital) is a software company registered with ACRA in Singapore delivering primarily SMS solutions.	company
Producciones PUNCH  Producciones PUNCH was a Colombian programadora. It was the first programadora to be established in 1956 founded by the Peñaranda family.	company
Ensignbus  Ensignbus is a bus and coach operator open top bus tour operator and bus dealer in Purfleet. It also operates a dealership trading used buses and coaches.	company
Sue Records  Sue Records was also the name of a Louisiana based record company which owned Jewel Records (Shreveport record label).Sue Records (The Sound Of Soul) was founded in 1957 by Henry 'Juggy' Murray in New York City.Also within the group was Symbol Records and Sue also financed and distributed A.F.O.	company
Grand Union (supermarket)  Grand Union Family Markets also known as simply Grand Union was a supermarket chain that has been absorbed into Tops Friendly Markets.Until 2001 the company operated mostly in the northeastern United States but at times its reach extended into the Midwest Southeast and the Caribbean. The company was originally founded and headquartered in Scranton Pennsylvania eventually moving to Brooklyn New York in the early 20th century.	company
Renault do Brasil  Renault do Brasil (Portuguese pronunciation: [ʁeˈno du bɾaˈziw]) formerly Renault do Brasil Automoveis is the Brazilian subsidiary of the French car manufacturer Renault. It was established in 1997 and is the fifth country's automaker by sales. In 2012 Brazil was the second largest market of Renault.	company
Minty Fresh  Minty Fresh is a Chicago-based record label founded in 1993 by Jim Powers with Anthony Musiala. The label is known for launching the careers of Veruca Salt. They also gave the Swedish band The Cardigans their first US release and released the debut single by Liz Phair. They also run the Mini Fresh label which produces children's music.	company
GE Consumer & Industrial  GE Appliances & Lighting is a subsidiary of General Electric headquartered in Louisville Kentucky at Appliance Park. GE Appliances & Lighting is one of the largest suppliers of appliances in the world. It was created in January 2004 when GE Consumer Products merged with GE Industrial Systems. GE Appliances & Lighting is a sub-business under GE Home & Business Solutions. Appliance Park has its own zip code 40225.	company
Hunter Industries  Hunter Industries is a manufacturer of irrigation equipment for the landscaping and golf course industries based in San Marcos California.Hunter produces pop-up gear-driven rotors spray sprinklers valves controllers central controllers and weather sensors. The company reports that it holds more than 250 product patents and 40 trademarks.The company was founded in 1981 by Edwin J. Hunter and Paul M.	company
Yigal Arnon & Co.  Yigal Arnon & Co. founded in 1957 is one of the largest law firms in Israel. Its offices are in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem. The firm was founded by Adv. Yigal Arnon.	company
SUSE  SUSE (SUU-zah) is a German-based multinational open-source software company that develops and sells Linux products to business customers. Founded in 1992 it was the first company to market Linux for the enterprise. It is also the primary sponsor of the community-supported openSUSE Project which develops the openSUSE Linux distribution. The company is a wholly owned subsidiary of The Attachmate Group.	company
Kmart  Kmart (sometimes stylized as K-Mart) is an American chain of discount department stores headquartered in the United States. The chain purchased Sears in 2005 forming a new corporation under the name Sears Holdings Corporation. The company was founded in 1962 and is the third largest discount store chain in the world behind Walmart and Target[citation needed] with stores in the United States Puerto Rico the U.S. Virgin Islands and Guam (which houses the world's largest Kmart).	company
Semiotic Society of America  The Semiotic Society of America is an interdisciplinary professional association serving scholars from many disciplines with common interests in semiotics the study of signs and sign-systems. It was founded in 1975 and includes members from the United States and Canada. Its official journal is The American Journal of Semiotics. The Society also publishes the proceedings of its annual conferences.	company
Nidec-Shimpo America Corporation  NIDEC-SHIMPO America Corporation is the U.S. subsidiary of NIDEC-SHIMPO Corporation. Located in Itasca IL NIDEC-SHIMPO America Corporation is composed of Shimpo Instruments Shimpo Drives and Shimpo Ceramics.	company
Temple of All Religions  The Temple of All Religions (Russian: Храм всех религий) or the Universal Temple (Russian: Вселенский храм) is an architectural complex in the Staroye Arakchino Microdistrict of Kazan Russia. It consists of several types of religious architecture including an Orthodox church a mosque and a synagogue among others. It is currently under construction having been started in 1992 by local artist and philanthropist Ildar Khanov.	building
Lower Sunday River School  The Lower Sunday River School is an historic school in Newry Maine. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.	building
Mid-Western Regional Hospital Ennis  The Mid-Western Regional Hospital Ennis (also known as Ennis General Hospital) is a public hospital located in Ennis County Clare Ireland. It is managed by the Irish Government's Health Service Executive and provides acute-care hospital services including an 8am-8pm emergency department for the population of County Clare. In 2008 the hospital served 12295 out-patients and 5067 in-patients with an average stay of 5.8 nights.	building
Hermitage Motor Inn  The Taylor Cunningham Hotel — now called the Hermitage Motor Inn — is an historic lodge in Petersburg Grant County West Virginia USA. It was built about 1840 and was originally a two story brick building in a vernacular Greek Revival style. A third story was added in the early 20th century. It features a two story porch with turned post and balusters. It has been in continuous operation as an inn since 1881.	building
Z. D. Ramsdell House  Z. D. Ramsdell House also known as The Ramsdell House is a historic home located at Ceredo Wayne County West Virginia atop a mound claimed to be an Indian burial mound. It was built in 1857-1858 and is a two story red brick and frame dwelling measuring 30 feet wide and 48 feet deep. It sits on a stone foundation and is in the Greek Revival-style with a gable roof. Zopher D. Ramsdell came to Ceredo at the invitation of the town's founder and fellow abolitionist Eli Thayer.	building
United States Post Office–New London Main  The U.S. Post Office-New London Main is located in New London Connecticut. The post office was built in 1932 in Classical Revival architecture and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1986.	building
Osawatomie State Hospital  Osawatomie State Hospital is a psychiatric hospital established in 1855. It has been named Kansas Insane Asylum and the State Insance Asylum but was officially changed to its present name in 1901.	building
Church of St Peter and St Paul Ormskirk  The Church of St Peter and St Paul is in the market town of Ormskirk Lancashire England. Dating from no later than the 12th century it is one of only three churches in England to have both a western tower and a central spire and the only one to have them both at the same end of the church. It is an active Anglican parish church in the Diocese of Liverpool. It is designated a Grade II* listed building by English Heritage.	building
White Flint Mall  White Flint Mall is a shopping mall located along Rockville Pike in Montgomery County Maryland due for closing and demolition in 2014.	building
Old Fort Johnson  Old Fort Johnson or Fort Johnson was a two-story stone house enclosed in fortifications built by Sir William Johnson about 1749 in the town of Amsterdam Montgomery County New York United States. The fort served as Johnson's home business office and trading center until 1763 when he moved to Johnson Hall in what is now Johnstown New York.	building
Bibi Shahr Banu Shrine  Bibi Shahr Banu Shrine (Persian: آرامگاه بی‌بی‌شهربانو‎) is a shrine located near Shahr-e Ray a southern suburb of Tehran Iran.The shrine is located outside the present town on the slope of a small mountain range extending eastwards known by the name of Mount Tabarak or Kuh-e Ray or also Kuh-e Bibi Sharbanu. The oldest parts of the shrine date from the 15th century shortly before the Safavid period.	building
Deutsche Bank Place  Deutsche Bank Place is a 240 m (790 ft) skyscraper in Sydney New South Wales Australia. It is located at 126 Phillip Street (corner of Hunter Street) in the north-eastern end of the central business district across the road from Chifley Tower. Construction began in 2002 and was completed in 2005. The building's architect is Norman Foster of Foster and Partners.	building
Coral Gables City Hall  The Coral Gables City Hall is a historic site in Coral Gables Florida. It is located at 405 Biltmore Way. On July 24 1974 it was added to the U.S. National Register of Historic Places.The city hall was built in the Mediterranean Revival architectural style. It was completed in 1928. Phineas Paist and Harold Steward were the architects; Denman Fink was the artistic advisor.	building
Phoenix Shot Tower  The Phoenix Shot Tower also known as the Old Baltimore Shot Tower is a red brick shot tower 234.25 feet (71.40 m) tall located near the downtown Jonestown (also known later as Old Town) and Little Italy communities of East Baltimore in Maryland. When it was completed in 1828 it was the tallest structure in the United States. The tower was originally known as the Phoenix Shot Tower then the Merchants' Shot Tower and now is also sometimes called the Old Baltimore Shot Tower.	building
Church Office Building  The Church Office Building (COB) is a 28-story building in Salt Lake City Utah which houses the administrative support staff for the lay ministry of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) throughout the world. The building is 420 ft (128 m) tall at roof level and is located within the Temple Square complex on the corner of North Temple and State Street.	building
The Evolution of Education Museum  The Evolution of Education Museum is situated on Highway #2 South in Prince Albert Saskatchewan Canada.The school in which the museum is housed was built in 1920 and was finally closed in 1963. This school was originally located 20 miles northeast of Prince Albert and is named after Clayton Smith who was a postmaster. The state of the school now is extremely close to how it was once decorated. It has desks a library and many artifacts from school days in early 20th century Saskatchewan.	building
Henricus platanillanus  Henricus platanillanus is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family. It is found in Mexico (San Luis Potosí).The wingspan is about 11 mm. The ground colour of the forewings is olive cream with grey andochreous suffusions and spots. The hindwings are dark greyish brown.	animal
Hyamia  Hyamia is a genus of moths of the Noctuidae family.	animal
Lanephus  Lanephus njumanii is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae the only species in the genus Lanephus.	animal
Dysbatus  Dysbatus is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.	animal
Rhinelepini  Rhinelepini is a tribe of armored suckermouth catfish family within the Hypostominae subfamily.	animal
Bactromantis virga  Bactromantis virga is a species of praying mantis in the genus Bactromantis in the order Mantodea.	animal
Automolis  Automolis is a genus of moths in the family Arctiidae.	animal
Nadagarodes  Nadagarodes is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.	animal
Amberoderma  Amberoderma beali is a species of beetle in the family Dermestidae the only species in the genus Amberoderma.	animal
Amorphoscelis siebersi  Amorphoscelis siebersis is a species of praying mantis found in Borneo.	animal
Lancetes  Lancetes is a genus of beetles in the family Dytiscidae containing the following species: Lancetes angusticollis (Curtis 1839) Lancetes arauco Bachmann & Trémouilles 1981 Lancetes backstromi Zimmermann 1924 Lancetes biremis Riha 1961 Lancetes borellii Griffini 1895 Lancetes dacunhae Brinck 1948 Lancetes delkeskampi Riha 1961 Lancetes falklandicus Riha 1961 Lancetes flavipes Zimmermann 1924 Lancetes flavoscutatus Enderlein 1912 Lancetes immarginatus Zimmermann 1924 Lancetes lanceolatus (Clark 1863) Lancetes marginatus (Steinheil 1869) Lancetes mixtus (C.O.Waterhouse 1881) Lancetes nigriceps (Erichson 1834) Lancetes praemorsus (Erichson 1834) Lancetes subseriatus Zimmermann 1924 Lancetes tarsalis Riha 1961 Lancetes theresae Sharp 1902 Lancetes towianicus Zimmermann 1924 Lancetes varius (Fabricius 1775) Lancetes waterhousei Griffini 1895↑	animal
Alabonia  Alabonia is a genus of gelechioid moths. Here it is placed within the subfamily Oecophorinae of the concealer moth family (Oecophoridae). Alternatively it has been placed in the Elachistidae or Depressariinae together with its presumed closest relatives.	animal
Ophthalmoptera innotata  Ophthalmoptera innotata is a species of ulidiid or picture-winged fly in the genus Ophthalmoptera of the family Tephritidae.	animal
Fasciolariidae  Fasciolariidae common name the tulip snails and spindle snails is a family of small to large sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the superfamily Buccinoidea.The family Fasciolariidae probably appeared about 110 million years ago during the Cretaceous	animal
Zebra spider  The zebra spider Salticus scenicus is a common jumping spider. Like other jumping spiders it doesn't build a web. It uses its four pairs of large eyes to locate prey and its jumping ability to pounce and capture it. Zebra spiders are often noted for their awareness of humans. Upon noticing someone observing them they can be seen raising their head and usually change behavior (hence why salticus scenicus theatrical jumper).	animal
Cypraecassis  Cypraecassis is a genus of medium-sized to large sea snails marine gastropod mollusks in the family Cassidae.	animal
By This Axe I Rule!  By This Axe I Rule by Robert E. Howard is the last of Howard's Kull stories set in his fictional Thurian Age. It was first published in the Lancer Books paperback King Kull in 1967.This story was rejected by the pulp magazines Argosy and Adventure in 1929 after which Howard rewrote it substituting a new secondary plot. It was published in December 1932.	writtenwork
Sayonara Midori-chan  Sayonara Midori-chan (さよならみどりちゃん) is a Japanese manga by Kyūta Minami. It was adapted into a live-action film in 2005.	writtenwork
Bartlett's Familiar Quotations  Bartlett's Familiar Quotations often simply called Bartlett's is an American reference work that is the longest-lived and most widely distributed collection of quotations. The book was first issued in 1855 and is currently in its eighteenth edition published in 2012.The book arranges its entries by author rather than by subject as many other quotation collections and enters the authors chronologically by date of birth rather than alphabetically.	writtenwork
Gun Princess  Gun Princess (銃姫 Jū Hime) is an ongoing Japanese light novel series written Madoka Takadono and illustrated by Katsumi Enami. The first novel was published under Media Factory's MF Bunko J imprint in April 2004 and as of December 2009 eleven novels have been released. The series is set in a world where humans have discovered a way to seal their long-lost magical powers into bullets starting an era of constant warfare.	writtenwork
The Memory Keeper's Daughter  The Memory Keeper's Daughter is a novel by American author Kim Edwards that tells the story of a man who gives away his newborn daughter who has Down syndrome to one of the nurses. Published by Viking Press in June 2005 the novel garnered great interest via word of mouth in the summer of 2006 and placed on the New York Times Paperback Bestsellers List. The novel was adapted to television film and broadcast on Lifetime Television in April 2008.	writtenwork
Rejecta Mathematica  Rejecta Mathematica is an online journal for publishing papers that have been rejected by other mathematics journals such as Annals of Mathematics. Each paper is accompanied by an open letter describing why the paper was rejected how the topic has been developed since and why it is worthy of publication. The first issue was published in July 2009 containing topics such as image enhancement and condition numbers.	writtenwork
Entrepreneur (magazine)  Entrepreneur is a North American publication that carries news stories about entrepreneurialism small business management and business opportunities. It is published by Entrepreneur Media Inc. headquartered in Irvine California. The magazine publishes 12 issues annually available through subscription and on newsstands and includes sections such as Tech Money Sell and Lead.	writtenwork
First Love (novella)  First Love (Russian: Первая любовь Pervaya ljubov) is a novella by Ivan Turgenev first published in 1860. It is one of his most popular pieces of short fiction.	writtenwork
Confessions of a Crap Artist  Confessions of a Crap Artist is a 1975 novel by Philip K. Dick originally written in 1959. Dick wrote about a dozen non-science fiction novels in the period from 1948 to 1960; this is the only one published during his lifetime. The novel chronicles a bitter and complex marital conflict in 1950s suburban California from the perspective of the wife's brother an obsessive compulsive amateur scientist.	writtenwork
Mike (novel)  Mike is a novel by P. G. Wodehouse first published on 15 September 1909 by Adam & Charles Black London.	writtenwork
Social Issues and Policy Review  Social Issues and Policy Review is an annual peer-reviewed academic journal published by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Society for the Psychological Study of Social Issues along with Analyses of Social Issues and Public Policy and the Journal of Social Issues. The journal was established in 2007. The current editors-in-chief are Samuel L. Gaertner (University of Delaware) and Rupert Brown (University of Sussex). The journal covers social issues and public policy.	writtenwork
Foundations and Trends in Marketing  Foundations and Trends in Marketing is a journal published by Now Publishers. It publishes survey and tutorial articles on all aspects of marketing. The editor-in-chief is Jehoshua Eliashberg (University of Pennsylvania).	writtenwork
Unnatural Causes  You may be looking for UNNATURAL CAUSES: Is Inequality Making Us Sick? a documentary series broadcast on PBS in 2008.Unnatural Causes (1967) is a detective novel by English crime writer P. D. James.	writtenwork
Swords Against Darkness  Swords Against Darkness is an anthology of fantasy stories edited by Andrew J. Offutt. It was first published in paperback by Zebra Books in February 1977.The book collects nine short stories and novelettes by various fantasy authors with a foreword by Offutt.	writtenwork
World and Town  World and Town is a novel by Gish Jen that follows a Chinese American widow and her friendship with a family of Cambodian immigrants. The novel describes the difficulties encountered in the lives of characters as they embrace immigration rationalism and religious fundamentalism.Set in New England the novel begins in early 2001 and describes the life of Hattie Kong a widowed retired high school teacher. Kong's quiet life is interpreted when a family of Cambodian immigrants moves to her town.	writtenwork
The Songs of Bilitis  The Songs of Bilitis (/bɪˈliːtɪs/; French: Les Chansons de Bilitis) is a collection of erotic poetry by Pierre Louÿs published in Paris in 1894 (see 1894 in poetry).The book's sensual poems are in the manner of Sappho; the introduction claims they were found on the walls of a tomb in Cyprus written by a woman of Ancient Greece called Bilitis a courtesan and contemporary of Sappho to whose 'life' Louÿs dedicated a small section of his book.	writtenwork
