Engage in winter sports to become really in touch with ice and snow. You could try ice-skating or skiing, or if you’re less athletic go sledding.If people comment on how often you do winter activities, you could say, “I only feel comfortable around the snow….”  , Use your free time to play in the snow on snowy days. Make a snow angel, start a snowball fight or build a snowman with a friend.   If someone comments on your snowman, you could say, “You should have seen him before I turned him into snow!”  , Watching movies where people have ice powers will give you ideas about how people with real ice powers act. Make a list of things they do to illustrate their powers so you can copy them.Frozen, Jack Frost, Batman, and Adventure Time are all good movies to seek out featuring characters with ice powers.  Reading wintery books will keep you in an icy mindset. They often have characters with ice powers you can draw inspiration from. Good choices to seek out are The Snow Queen, The Chronicles of Narnia, and Frosty the Snowman.	Participate in winter sports. Play in the snow. Watch movies where people have ice powers. Read wintery books.
You can launch the game from the Start menu or desktop, if you created a shortcut there during setup.; , Enter your username and password into the fields provided, and click “Sign in.”   After logging in, NFSW will initiate an update. As soon as NFSW has finished downloading and installing all the required updates from the Internet, a dialog box with a “Play” button will appear.  Click on the “Play” button, and press “Enter” or any other key to start. This will load and display your NFSW profile details.   Click “Enter World” to enter the NFS World in Free Roam mode. Free Roam is a mode in the game (and most other modern NFS titles) that allows you to tour the racing world to find races or other drivers.  In Free Roam mode, if you do not like the behavior of any fellow driver, you can block them by right-clicking their user name and selecting “Block Driver.” The usernames of the drivers are shown on top of their vehicles throughout NFS World.   A dialog box will appear asking you to confirm whether you wish to block the driver. Click “Block Driver” to confirm. The user will be blocked, meaning they can not race with you or see you in NFS World. They will not be notified that you blocked them.	Launch Need for Speed World. Log into your account. Enter the NFSW world in Free Roam mode. Block users.
Write some of these ideas down. Afterward, select the ones you want.   Some people are able to start writing with only one sentence for inspiration. Others spend months or years thinking about a story before putting a single word down. Whichever type of writer you are is fine. The trick is following an idea down the proverbial rabbit hole. Stephen King, a famous author has noted that he doesn’t write ideas down in a notebook. To him “A writer’s notebook is the best way in the world to immortalize bad ideas.” This doesn’t mean that you shouldn’t write ideas down in a notebook you carry around. If that works for you, grab a notebook and jot your ideas down. But be cautious about which ideas you do write down. Ask yourself, if you didn’t write this idea down, would it be good enough to remember tomorrow? Once you find inspiration for an idea you want to pursue, start writing.; , You get the best stories by continuing on and not looking at the screen, obsessing over every little error. If you keep looking at the screen, chances are you will want to change everything right away instead of continuing on with the story.   When writing a book, and hoping to get it published, you will write many drafts before it’s ready to send out. Some of those drafts will probably include major changes to your story. But at the beginning, you’re just trying to build a world and get your ideas on paper, or your screen. Focus on building your characters. Some books are plot heavy, and that’s ok. But a book that people typically want to read is really about the characters and the importance of the situation you put those characters in. While the plot moves a story along, it’s the moments between characters that sell a book. Whether you’re writing a fantasy like Harry Potter, or a strict novel like Freedom, by Jonathan Franzen. Focus on the “Who” you are writing about. The “When” “What” “Where” “Why” and “How” will come more naturally. , There should not be a limit on how much you can write a day but create a minimum. It will help you focus on the story.   Whether you set a goal of 300 words a day, or a goal of one hour, doing so will help you stay on track. 300 words a day isn’t much but can be a great starting place. If you’re new to writing, or very busy, give yourself a smaller goal which you can easily meet. Large goals are much harder to meet and will often cause you to not write at all. You are taking one step at a time, and at the end, you will have arrived at your large, final goal. You can increase your daily goal as you continue along, or if you have more free time to write. Just make sure you can stick to it. Even if you feel stuck in your writing, press on and reach your goal. You never know when you’ll get some inspiration. Work in a quiet or empty place. Finding a quiet place where you can focus, and which you can make yours is invaluable to writing. Even if you write at a coffee shop, find a corner where you won’t be too distracted.  Many writers start out strong but quickly become distracted, frustrated with the slow process, or bored. One of the simplest and best ways to prevent this is to simply put yourself in the chair.   Following and reaching your daily goal will help you stay on course. The act of sitting in your chair and chiseling away will help you make reaching that goal a reality. Try to have a set time to write every day in addition to a daily goal. John Grisham has published many best-selling books, and he started his writing career while he was a lawyer. He got up early every morning and wrote one page. Make writing a habit you can’t quit. Find that unique place to write and do it every day at the same time.  Even though you may be protective of your work and want to keep it hidden until “it’s ready”, don’t. Get frequent and early feedback on your writing from people you trust to be honest with you.   If you’re not part of one already, consider joining a local writer’s workshop. These groups will help you flesh out your ideas, give you feedback, and keep you accountable. Use the internet. If you’re nervous about showing someone you know your work, find an online forum where you can get feedback and bounce ideas back and forth. Places like /r/Writing on Reddit.com offer options for you to get help on your work. , Once you finish your story, make sure it follows the guidelines which publishers Allen and Unwin follow:   Junior fiction  For beginner readers, aged 5-8, word length 5,000-10,000 For confident readers, aged 7-10, word length 10,000-30,000 For middle readers, aged 11-14, word length 30,000-55,000   Young adult novels  For teenage readers, aged 13-16, word length 40,000-60,000 For mature teenage and older readers, aged 15+, word length 40,000-100,000   For a total list and for more information and writing and publishing, go to "Submission Guidelines" on the Allen and Unwin website. , Don’t feel like you have to stop looking at your story at a certain point. Edit as many times as you need to.   While you do need to edit and give the editing process as much attention as, if not more than the actual writing, you also need a break. You’ve been living inside this story you’ve created and now it’s time for a vacation. Giving yourself time will help you get into the editing mindset. Because, as the editor, you have to look at your work with a cold eye, ready to chop up it up and make changes. When you do start editing, edit as much as you need to, but don't keep editing if you don't know what the problem is. If you don’t have a concrete solution, you’ll chop up your story and have no idea how to put it back together. Over-editing is possible and dangerous, so get others to check your work. Another pair of eyes can spot gaps that you overlooked because you’re so close to your work. Get someone you trust to give you notes and feedback. So far, you’ve been operating in a vacuum. There will be parts that need work that will be hard for you find on your own. Read others’ notes, and then put the notes away. You probably won’t like what someone else’s notes are. So read the notes, decompress, and after some time go back and incorporate the ones which are helpful. Discard the ones which aren’t.  After you’ve made a pass, or several at your book, it’s time to get a real editor to look at your work. Editing is not the same as writing. You will need someone who knows how to deconstruct a book, find the issues, and give you advice on how to put it back together. A professional editor is especially valuable if you’re going to self-publish. The last thing you want is a glaring, yet silly, spelling error in your book after all of your hard work. The right editor will be able to bring clarity and flow to your narrative without changing your voice. Your editor will bring a much needed objective eye to your work and will help you not only fix those small errors but help you find the true story underneath all the extra stuff you don’t need. An editor will also, at the end of the day, make your book look professional.  After you and your editor have revised your book to its final form, make sure everything is in order.   Make sure you have a good title you’re ready to stick with. Start building buzz on social media. Create a Facebook page and Twitter profile for your book. Post frequently with updates about what’s going on, next steps, and other exciting information.  Agents are people who will work for you and help you get your book published and sold. These people have industry contacts to help you. Agents are also elusive and not easy to get a hold of if you’re new. You won’t always need an agent. If you plan to go the self-publishing route, you may find that an agent is something you can do without. Look for agents on sites like PublishersMarketplace.com. Here you can search many profiles and see what kinds of work are getting published. Make sure to read over the agent’s submission guidelines before you submit your materials. You will most commonly need:  Query Letter. A one-page pitch letter that describes your work. Book Synopsis. A brief summary of your story. Nonfiction proposal (if you’re writing for nonfiction). This is a very detailed document, usually around twenty to thirty pages, that outlines your argument for why your book deserves to be published. Sample chapters, or your whole manuscript.  You may choose to self-publish, but getting published by a big name publisher is better for getting a larger audience. Some publishers only choose to publish or even read solicited material, manuscripts which have gone through an agent. Agents and publishers also like material which either comes from already known authors or writers. However, this doesn’t mean you can’t attract the attention of either. These people will want to see that you have a following, and are being self-promotional on social media. Some publishers such as Penguin or Allen & Unwin will also look at your manuscript if you aren’t represented by an agent. Check out self-publishing options. Self-publishing might sound like a way to circumvent a bunch of people who will just say “no” to you. But it’s hard work, and the reason there are people who publish books is because these people know how to best do it. If you’re going to self-publish, you have to find a good distributor if you’re going to publish hard copies. You can also self-publish your story as an ebook through Amazon’s self-publishing site. , Once you have decided on a few publishers (the more the better), start researching these publishers more in-depth.   Some choose to publish for adults only and in selected genres while others may have a wider range of books that are accepted. All information should be available on the publisher’s websites. Some have different guidelines and word limits, or whether your book need be solicited or not. Almost all publishers require a hard copy (printed) manuscript of your story. Also, keep in mind the specifications. Some publishers prefer double spaced lines, with a certain type of font in a certain size, etc. Stick to what is specified. Do not send emailed copies or ones on a disc, unless stated you may. Never send in your original or only copy of anything. You will not get your materials back.  Self-publishing an ebook is a viable and popular option. The biggest opportunity for this method is Amazon’s Kindle Direct Publishing. You can simply upload your manuscript to the program and begin to sell copies.   The KDP service is free to use, however, Amazon will keep up to 70% of your profits. If you are self-publishing online, make sure that you have gotten your book edited professionally and have had the cover designed by a professional graphic designer. All the work of promoting your book will also fall on you when you use this method. Be realistic. You’re most likely not going to become the next breakout hit with your first book. You won’t gain fame overnight. It takes several books and many years to gain a solid reputation in most cases.  Send your copies to all available publishers that you can.   It may take up to four months or more, to get your book reviewed. If you get a “yes” from a publisher, well done! You get to see it in the stores! However, the publisher may not advertise it for you. That will fall to an agent. The good news is getting an agent after you have a book deal is easier. But remember, that in most cases, the advertising usually falls on you.	Begin forming ideas. Don't worry about errors; you can correct your writing later. Set daily writing goals. Stay diligent. Get early feedback. Categorize your book. Recheck and re-edit your story. Get an editor to look over your book. Do a final check to make sure you’re ready to publish. Consider getting an agent. Research different publishers. Narrow your publishing options. Consider self-publishing online. Wait and stay patient.
Listen to it carefully several times. Choose the 30-second part of the song you want to use as your ringtone. Load the song into iTunes, if you have not already.       You cannot used a song that is purchased from the iTunes store, unless it is converted to an unprotected format.; , Highlight it.  Choose “Get Info” from the drop down list. , Type in the start and stop times for the ringtone.   The total song length must be equal or less than 30 seconds. If you are choosing the beginning of the song, you can leave the “Start Time” box unchecked.       For example, Start Time could say “0:31” and End Time could say “0:56.”       Click “OK” when you are done.  Right click on the song. Choose “Create AAC Version” from the drop down list.   An AAC is an “Apple Lossless Audio File.” You should see 2 versions of the song. One should have the full song time, and the other should be your clipped version.  Select “Show in Finder.”  , Right click and choose “Get Info.” Check the duration to be sure it is the clipped version of the song.  This will replace the .m4a file extension that iTunes songs automatically have.   Click “Enter.”       Click the “Use .m4r” button when the confirmation box appears.       Keep the Finder window open.  Right click on the AAC, or clipped version, of the song. Scroll and select “delete.”  , Select “Keep File” when the second box appears.  Double click on your clipped .m4r file.   This action will add the file to iTunes.       The clipped version should automatically appear as a “tone” in your iTunes library.	Choose a song that you want to use as a ringtone. Find the song you want to use in iTunes. Use your mouse to right click on the song. Click on the “Options” tab in the dialog box.  , Check the “Start Time” and “Stop Time” boxes. Highlight the song again in iTunes. Right click on the clipped version of the song. Highlight the song in your finder window. Rename the file with the extension .m4r. Return to your iTunes program. Click “Delete Song” when the confirmation box pops up. Return to the open Finder window. Drag the tone into your device folder the next time you plug in your phone.
Do things you love and love what you do. Choose an occupation that moves you and that you enjoy. If you’re stuck in an occupational rut, find a way to change your circumstances.   Try not to get too sucked into consumer culture. It’s not a strong foundation upon which to build happiness. Some philosophers have argued that once people’s basic needs are met, they become more interested in things like achievement, freedom of expression, and other intangible concepts. Being part of something bigger than yourself can make you a lot happier. , Letting go of anger – we all harbor some of it – can be extremely difficult to do. But if you hold onto old grievances, you’re bound to only hurt yourself in the end. Try as much as possible to focus on the future, and learn from the past rather than dwell in it. You may need help from a religious leader or from a counselor to let go of deep traumas. However, learning to forgive and to let go of anger is mostly about you – not the person you need to forgive. Seek reconciliation in situations where it might be possible, even if that means you have to take the high road when you think you’re the one wronged. It will make you feel better inside to be the generous one. Recognize that no one is perfect, most people have their own version of the story, and everyone’s an imperfect human being at the end of the day.  There’s no question about it. Exercise is good for more than your muscles. It’s also going to release adrenaline into the body, which is a natural mood lifter. If you exercise regularly, you will also be physically healthier and look fitter, which should lead to a better mood. How could it not! You might meet people at the workout gym, increasing your social network. Or you could exercise outside. This way you will also get the warming rays of the sun (if you live in a warm enough climate). The sun has healing powers. Get out of a gloomy dark house for awhile and you will see an immediate mood lift!  , Make an honest assessment of your life. What’s not making your happiness stronger? Are there things in your life that are negative patterns that you just keep repeating?   Assess what aspects of your life add to your life in positive ways, and which detract. And then set out to remove the aspects that detract. Ask a friend or relative for their assessment, and see if they match yours. Figure out the causes of unhappiness and to what degree you are playing a role in your own problems. What would it take to make your life happy? What life do you want? Write it down. , You need to have a strong idea of who you are and your own self worth to be happy. If you don’t have those things, you need to work on them with a therapist or just by starting to recognize your own worth.   Be happy with yourself. Never change who you are for anybody; discover what you like and dislike, and figure out what you believe in and what issues are of little importance to you. This will help you discover who you really are. Then be proud to be you and let it show. If people don't like you the way you are, brush it off and embrace yourself. You are unique and special, so enjoy the wonderful things that make you stand out from the crowd. Ignore the opinions of others, unless they come from someone you deeply respect. But random gossip or criticism that seems unfair – don’t let it rock you if you know you operated in good faith. , You will be happier if you are not isolated or alone. If you feel like you have isolated yourself, force yourself to reach out to others or at least to slowly build relationships, even casual ones. Connection leads to happiness.   Support groups, friends at work, joining a new church or workout club, these are all ways to meet new people. Your support system could be a pet. Many people feel better when they are around pets, because pets provide constant and unconditional love. A therapist could be part of your support system. Every individual is different, but sometimes people need help working through past issues before they can let go of them and move on to finding happiness. Don’t feel embarrassed if you need to seek outside help; it’s a sign of strength. Be a support system for those who love you too. Make sure to prioritize what’s important in your life, and make sure you carve out enough quality time for those you love and who love you. Connecting with loved ones is a happiness builder.	Find your passion. Forgive. Exercise. Change your situation. Be centered in yourself. Develop a support system.
Stretch. Stretch the muscles in your legs, which are most important.        A simple warm-up that is used by even professional goalkeepers is this: Have a teammate throw a ball at you, with you standing in the middle of the goal. Then, before touching the ball, you have to touch one post, then you can try stop it.       Another good way is to simulate an attack - Have a couple strikers play down the field, slowly making their way to you. Then, they can try to score. This will give you chance to practice those dives.       Practice hand-eye co-ordination. Do this by having a teammate punt (Like a drop-kick but not letting it hit the ground) the ball near you, and try to catch it.       A practice game before the game is actually really good. You can practice every skill you will need on the field, so you'll have plenty of chances to make a good save.      ;	Warm up before the game, to get every muscle ready to make a save.
Dry ice is extremely dangerous to handle with your bare hands. As dry ice exists at very low temperatures, as low as -109 degrees Fahrenheit, it is very harmful to the skin. Extreme burns can result from touching dry ice with bare hands. Always use protective gloves when handling dry ice. You should wear cloth or leather gloves to protect your skin. An oven mitt would also effectively protect you from dry ice., You will probably not use all of your dry ice in a single science experiment. Make sure you store the dry ice properly when you're done making fog in a bottle.   Store dry ice in an insulated container that is not completely airtight. As stated previously, an airtight container will cause dry ice to explode.You should make sure the room you're storing dry ice in is well-ventilated. It can be dangerous to store dry ice in a cellar or car.You should also not store dry ice in a freezer or fridge. This will result in the thermostat in your freezer/fridge dropping to the point the fridge turns off., During the process of making fog in a bottle, you may get burned by the hot water or dry ice. Most burns can be treated at home. Run the burn under cool water for about 10 to 15 minutes, or as long as it takes for the pain to ease. Then, do some follow up care.Remove any items, like rings, from the burned area. If you have any blisters, avoid breaking them. In the event they break on their own, clean the area with water and mild soap.Add some aloe vera gel to help keep the area from drying out. You can try an over-the-counter pain medication, like ibuprofen, if the pain is severe.	Use protective gloves when handling dry ice. Store dry ice carefully. Treat burns quickly.
While it may be tempting to wear minimal clothing to beat the heat during outdoor activities in the summer, exposing that much skin to the sun will result in tanning and possibly sunburn. Keep in mind that densely woven, lightweight fabrics will provide protection and shade the skin while running, biking, playing golf, and other outdoor activities.  Depending on the type of outdoor activity you are participating in, different measures can be taken to increase protection against harmful UV rays.   Golf: With long hours on the course and increased UV reflections from the ponds and sand traps, you experience higher exposure to UV rays. Be sure to always wear a broad-brimmed hat (not a visor or a baseball hat!) and sunglasses, along with long pants or longer shorts and a shirt that minimally covers your shoulders and upper arms. Tennis, Running, and Hiking: Due to the excessive perspiration that accompanies these activities, participants are at an increased risk of sweating off their sunscreen. Because of this, reapplication of sunscreen is not enough protection, and clothing and hats with a UPF of 30 or higher are necessary to provide extra defense from prolonged sun exposure. Biking: Because of the posture your body is in while riding a bike, the back of the neck, the forearms, and the upper thighs receive much more sun exposure than the rest of the body. To avoid tanning or sunburn during a long bike ride, wear to-the-knee bike shorts, long sleeves, and a wide-brimmed hat and/or cover your neck with the collar of a shirt or a bandana. Sailing and Swimming: These activities have some of the highest UV exposure levels due to excessive reflection of UV rays off of the water. In addition to protective clothing and liberal reapplication of sunscreen, sailors and swimmers are recommended to choose sunscreen brands that include zinc oxide or titanium dioxide because they block and reflect UV rays better than other types of sunscreen ingredients that absorb UV rays.  It’s easy to forget to reapply sunscreen when you’re whipping down a bike trail or raising the jib on a sailboat, but sunscreen reapplication is one of the most important ways to prevent tanning during excessive outdoor activity. While the rule for normal activity is reapplication every two hours, be sure to apply more UVA/UVB sunscreen to all exposed skin areas after swimming, sweating, or toweling off.	Wear protective clothing despite the heat. Consider your surroundings. Reapply sunscreen more often than you think.
If you want to listen to podcasts offline, you'll need to download a third-party client to convert URLs into MP3 files. Though there are tons of free cross-platform options, managers such as Juice, gPodder, and Zune all come highly recommended. Another great option is iTunes. Even if you don't have an iPhone or iPad, iTunes is a great music, video, and podcast manager, especially since it stays consistent with updates and it's free.  Once you've downloaded your program of choice, check out your options to customize aspects like file type, download destination, and player preferences. Some managers, such as iTunes, will allow you to play your podcasts within the interface.  Unlike mobile podcast platforms, your computer gives you freedom to browse any and all podcasts in public record, rather than simply the ones in app databases. Use this to your advantage! Once you settle on a podcast, click on it to view specific episodes.   You may have to create an account with a podcast site in order to view specific podcasts, so be ready to enter a valid email and password if needed.  If you are using a manager like iTunes or Zune, you can simply click "save" or "get" next to the episode's name to save it to your computer. Otherwise, you will have to copy the podcast's URL and paste it into your manager. Every manual client differs slightly in its method of downloading, but most use the provided URL to access the podcast's feed. You'll want to click the "subscriptions" tab or its equivalent in your manager of choice; from this step, you can usually download specific episodes. You can click a "refresh" button to check for new episodes.  Once you've downloaded your podcast to your chosen file location, play it to make sure it downloaded completely and correctly.	Install a podcast manager. Customize your settings. Search for a podcast. Save your podcast. Access your podcast.
When you sit down to write a funny story, you need to be aware of your personal style of humor. If you're trying to write in a style that doesn't fit your strengths as a comedian or storyteller, then your story may not be as strong as it could be. There are many different types/styles of humor. Some of the most popular include:   anecdotal - focus is placed on humorous personal stories, which may be slightly embellished for comedic effect burlesque - involves caricature and imitation, often with exaggerated characteristics dark/gallows - humor that involves death and other types of misfortune, often with a comically pessimistic viewpoint dry/deadpan - using a lack of emotion or expression to deliver funny material farcical/screwball - uses skits or satire involving highly improbably circumstances, often with exaggerated reactions and frantic movements high/highbrow - involves cultured or intelligent topics/themes hyperbolic - uses excess and exaggeration for comedic effect ironic - often involves either a split from normalcy or a situation in which the audience knows more than the characters know satirical - the plot points out a person's or society's weaknesses and downfalls with comedic effect self-deprecating - humor is derived from the comedian or storyteller making fun of himself/herself situational - often employs some elements of farce, screwball, or slapstick comedy to make fun of everyday situations slapstick - mock violence/bodily harm are acted out through physical comedy  , Before you can write a funny story, you need to have some idea about the story itself. It's not enough to have jokes or a funny scenario; the story needs to be strong so that it can support the humorous elements.Brainstorm ideas. If you're stuck, try watching funny movies and reading funny stories for inspiration. Choose a setting. The setting itself doesn't have to be funny (though it can be), but it should make sense for the characters and plot you're creating. Think about what you ultimately want your story to say. Is it a story about overcoming adversity? Is it a commentary on modern society?  , Ideally, the tension and its resolution in your story should illustrate some aspect of human nature. Good comedy also accomplishes this, so think about what your story and your humor mean in the context of this piece of writing. Remember that something has to happen; it's not enough to just write a series of humorous events if they don't mean anything.   The conflict and tension drive the plot of a funny story or movie. In the Chris Farley movie Tommy Boy, for example, the conflict is the risk that Tommy's evil mother-in-law and her secret husband will sell the business and get away with it. The tension arises from that conflict as the narrative builds to a point where everything must be resolved. Decide what the central conflict will be. Your story's conflict should create tension. Because it's a funny story, that tension may be funny itself, or the circumstances around it (how it builds, or how it is resolved) could be humorous. Create some kind of stakes. A good story has some outcome on the line for the characters, which may be funny or tragic (but needs to be realistic). Sketch out the rising action, climax, and falling action. The climax is typically the high point of tension, and the rising and falling actions build up and relieve that tension (respectively).  Choosing a story's point of view requires you to decide who would tell the story best, and how that information should be delivered. The main options at your disposal are first person, second person, and third person. There is no objectively right or wrong choice, because it all depends on what you think works best for your story.First person - this is where a story is told using "I," "me," and "mine." It's one character's subjective take on the events of your story, and the narrator is usually either the protagonist (the main character) or a close secondary character telling the protagonist's story. Second person - a story told in second person is told directly to "you" (without any "I," except in dialogue). The reader imagines herself as being part of the plot, with the action written in the following manner: "You follow him down the stairs, and you're surprised at what you see." Third person omniscient - this is where an omniscient (all-seeing and all-knowing) narrator delivers the story, without ever referring to an "I" or addressing the reader as "you." The reader comes to understand the events, thoughts, and motivations each character experiences. Third person limited - while told in a similar narrative style as third person omniscient, third person limited only offers insights into the thoughts/feelings of one character. The narrative follows the protagonist and delivers the world as he/she experiences it.  A funny story requires funny situations and settings. In fact, some of the humor may even be derived from the events happening in a setting that is inappropriate or unusual. No matter what setting or situations you create for your story, make sure that they set up the narrative to allow for opportunities to be funny.Some classic comedic situations involve mistaken identity, being in the wrong place at the wrong time, or simply inserting a character or object into a situation where it wouldn't normally belong. An example of a funny situation might be a man not realizing that the lunch he was invited to is at a fancy restaurant and showing up in shorts and a t-shirt with his pet dog. It's not funny by itself, but it sets up opportunities for humor as the narrative progresses and the man is forced to explain himself.  Good characters are vital to any story, and funny stories are no different. It may be more difficult to make a character well-written and funny, but it's not impossible. Focus on making the characters funny in their own way, whether it's because of the way they look, the way the talk/behave, or the situations that they find themselves in.Remember that there are many different kinds of humor. Your characters might be sarcastic, dumb, observant, and so on. The Three Stooges offers a great example of funny characters. Their style of humor was predominantly slapstick, but much of the humor arises from each character's personality, quirks, and how each character reacts to situations and one another. Let each character's humor arise from his or her personality, and be consistent with that character's traits. Don't worry about crafting the character's entire backstory yet (though you will have to do this once you begin the actual writing process). For now, focus on getting a clear idea in your head about what the characters look like and how they behave.  By the end of the first paragraph, many readers will decide whether to continue reading the story or to give up and set it aside. A strong, engaging beginning is vital, then, if you want your readers to continue through the rest of your story.A good first paragraph should hook your reader's attention and interest. Don't worry about making the beginning funny; you can always insert humor during the revision process. Focus on writing a strong, interesting first paragraph. Try incorporating something unusual, something unexpected, a striking action, or an interesting conflict in the first paragraph. This creates tension and a sense of urgency, and the reader will want to continue.  Though different people will have a different sense of humor, one thing that many people find funny is an analysis of something common or mundane. Think about Jerry Seinfeld's comedy: he's not telling knock-knock jokes, he's pointing out funny situations that most people haven't realized are funny.The best humor of the mundane arises from situations that everyone has experienced, but no one has talked about. It requires observation and a humorous analysis. These common, mundane experiences are great material for comedy because they are essentially shared experiences. Everyone has been there, though not with one another, and the reader can see the humor in it from his or her own experiences. Aim to talk about a common situation in a way that makes people laugh and say, "Wow, it's so true." A common mundane situation used in comedy is what a hassle it is to travel by airplane. A comedian might exaggerate the struggles of getting through security, putting your shoes back on, waiting for hours with strangers for a delayed flight, etc.  Any story, whether it's fiction or nonfiction, needs well-developed, three-dimensional characters. Don't settle for flat stock characters that everyone has seen before. Give your characters some personality, and if you're writing about real people you know make sure you bring them to life by describing their appearance, mannerisms, and other facets of their personalities.Always know more about a character than you'll ever actually use in the story. Flesh out the character in your head before you begin writing so that he or she will feel real to you and to the reader. Brainstorm what makes this character unique. Consider what he looks like, his hobbies, temperament, phobias, faults, strengths, secrets, defining moments/memories, etc. Make sure you convey four main characteristics to your readers: a character's appearance, actions, speech, and thoughts. Any other details can support those characteristics, but without those four your character may not come to life for a reader.  Anecdotes are short, personal stories that convey something funny or meaningful. An anecdote is the short personal experience you tell your friends about over coffee or cocktails. Some of the best anecdotes are pithy, punchy, and interesting.Many people find that humorous stories/anecdotes are funnier than an actual joke. Jokes can elicit a laugh, but they're short lived and generally less memorable than a true story of embarrassment or mistaken identity. Don't just stop at your own personal anecdotes. Mine your previous conversations with friends, family, and coworkers, and try to incorporate their moments of humor. David Sedaris is a great comedic writer who uses personal anecdotes as a jumping off point to talk about the comedic (and at times tragic) aspects of human nature and experience. Try reading his essays online or pick up one of his many books for inspiration and examples.  You may have heard the old adage, "Show, don't tell." It means that there is more power and strength in describing a situation or setting to the reader, rather than simply telling the reader what's happening. For example, instead of using the old line, "It was a dark and stormy night" to tell the reader that it was raining outside, you might describe the sound of the raindrops hitting your roof, the squeak your car's wiper blades make, and the way a flash of lightning lit up the hillside as though it were daylight.   Use specific details that illustrate the point you're trying to make. Instead of telling the reader a character is sad, show him crying and running off to be alone. Let the reader assemble the pieces of the scene or event on her own. This will help the reader feel your emotions more genuinely. Be specific and use concrete descriptions. Avoid the abstract or intangible, and instead focus on something the reader can imagine seeing, hearing, touching, or feeling.  Descriptions can be funny in themselves, and they can also set the scene for a funny action sequence. Your comedic descriptions may detail two things that shouldn't normally go together, or you might focus on describing the absurdity of the way a person, place, or thing appears.   Find a new and interesting way to say something familiar. This can be very funny, and it also keeps your readers on their toes.Try using funny adjectives in your descriptions. Again, the focus should be on saying something in a way that surprises or delights the reader. Many comedians find that words with a hard "k" sound (like "car" or "quintuplet") simply sound funnier. The same is true for words with a hard "g" sound (like "guacamole" or "garrulous")  , A good comedic comparison should describe how two things are related, but it might do so in a funny or unexpected way. A comparison joke should still make the point you're trying to make, but it does so in a way that makes the reader laugh.Use similes and metaphors that evoke familiar images.For example, you might say something like, "Making it through this week will be about as easy as painting an elephant's toenails; I hope I make it out alive." A simile is a comparison that uses "like" or "as". An example of a simile would be, "Your love is like a flower." A metaphor is a comparison that describes something as though it were actually something else. An example of a metaphor would be, "My heart is a pounding drum." A humorous comparison might be something like, "He danced like a horse drunk on wine...but he was still a better dance partner than I was." Try out different comparisons until you find one that is effective and makes you laugh, then test it out on someone else to see if they find it funny.  If you're writing about how everyone in your family or your workplace is dumb and ugly, your readers will probably think you're mean and unfairly critical. However, if you make yourself the butt of your jokes, your readers will understand that you're exaggerating or singling out yourself for comedic effect, and it won't come off as mean or judgmental.It's okay to poke fun at others close to you (your friends, family, etc.). But if you just hammer on them without taking a jab at yourself it may come across as mean or arrogant. Worrying about offending others can stifle your comedy.Making fun of yourself lets readers know it's okay to laugh along with you, since no one else is being unfairly targeted. Talk about personal experiences, things that have happened to your friends/family/coworkers, and any other aspects of your life that have brought you funny stories - just be sure to bring the mockery down on yourself at least as much as you make fun of others.  You wouldn't tell a joke and then explain, "That was supposed to be funny" - or at least you wouldn't need to explain it if your audience found it funny. The same is true when you're writing a funny story. If you have to tell your readers that something is funny, the joke probably flopped.Let your readers discover the humor of your situation on their own. That will make for stronger storytelling, and it will let your jokes land better for the reader. This ties in with the "show, don't tell" rule. Just as you showed your reader a scene or a character with skillful description, you should likewise show your reader the funny description or action sequence without saying it was funny.  A lot of written comedy relies on setting up the reader's expectations (perhaps by establishing a pattern, for example) and then subverting those expectations. The reader will realize that the story did not go the way she expected it to, often with comedic results. One way to set up this type of humorous outcome is by using the rule of threes.The rule of threes relies on pairing two similar ideas/events/people together so that the reader recognizes a pattern forming. Once the reader expects the pattern to continue, you deliver a third idea/event/person that goes in a direction the reader did not expect. This works best with groups of three because it's a low enough number that most people will easily remember each item, but it's also just enough items that the reader will come to see a pattern and expect it to continue. As an example of the rule of three, you might say something like, "I don't know what's wrong with my dog; I've taken him to obedience classes, I learned how to discipline him, but he still hasn't helped me meet anyone at the dog park."  , Comedic timing may mean setting up a series of events to unfold at a certain time and place, but it also means letting a joke, funny word/phrase, or punch line land in a humorous way. It's all about delivery and how you set up the joke or story.Comedic timing may involve an element of surprise, misdirection, or simply building suspense in order to let a funny line land at the best possible moment. An example of comedic timing might involve writing something like, "This dating tip always works and it will drive your partner crazy...except for when it fails."  , If you're writing comedy for the first time, you may be tempted to pack in as many jokes, funny descriptions, and comedic situations as possible. But sometimes, too many humorous elements can be overkill, and it ends up detracting from the story's strengths. Try to balance the humor, and make sure it's relevant and serves your story (instead of your story serving the humor).Don't lose focus of what your story is actually about. It can be a very funny story, but it needs to be a strongly-written story first. Try to limit the use of humor throughout the story. That way, when a funny line really lands well, it will be memorable and exceptionally funny.  As you make revisions, like inserting more comedy (or scaling back the comedic elements), remember to do a thorough edit. Editing a story like this will require you to comb through each line and look for typos, run-on sentences, sentence fragments, weak descriptions, cliches, and other problems in your manuscript.   It may be helpful to set your story aside for a few days before approaching it to edit and revise. When you look at your story with a fresh pair of eyes, you're more likely to catch the mistakes that you might otherwise have missed. Consider having a friend read your story, and ask for feedback. You should also ask your friend to circle or underline any typos, grammatical/syntactical errors, and weak or unresolved segments of the plot.	Identify your style of humor. Decide what your story is about. Create a conflict and tension. Choose a point of view. Set up funny situations. Create funny characters. Write an engaging first paragraph. Incorporate the mundane. Develop your characters. Work in funny anecdotes. Show, don't tell. Try incorporating comedic descriptions. Write funny comparisons. Make fun of yourself. Never tell a reader that something is funny. Remember the rule of three. Practice using comedic timing. Don't overdo the humor. Edit your story.
When you point your browser toward http://my.ign.com/get-started, you'll see a large green button that says "get started." Click that button to start setting up your account.You'll be prompted to choose a user name, and provide an email address and password. Choose a user name that you think best identifies you as a gamer.; , Once you enter the required information to get started, My IGN will send you an email asking you to verify your email address. If you don't get this email within a few minutes, check your spam folder., Just as on any social media platform, My IGN gives you the ability to tell other users a little about you. For IGN in particular, focus on highlighting your favorite games, what kind of gamer you are, and the games you play online.You can include game IDs as well, if you want to be able to play online with other IGN users who see your profile.  The My IGN community is similar to any other social networking platform in that the posts you get on your home page depend on the accounts you're following. Start by following some of your favorite games.Following games you love will lead you to other people who also enjoy that game. Follow and talk to these people to expand your network. At least at first, follow back everyone who follows you, unless they never post about anything you'd want to see or read. Right now you want to expand your network.  When you move around the website, you accumulate points for completing various actions, such as uploading a picture or commenting on a post. As you continue to participate, you will gradually level up.You have to be at least level five and have an account at least two weeks old before you will be allowed to post blogs or reviews.  Before you start posting your own work, get a feel for what other community members are posting. This helps you avoid repeating what someone else has already said.You also can get a feel for what types of writing are most popular, and start finding your voice, or the style you'll use when you write your review. You also can introduce yourself through comments and reach out to other users who you think would enjoy your work. For example, you might comment "I thought your discussion of color was interesting here. I just started, but I'm planning a blog entirely devoted to the use of color in Skyrim. If you're interested, check it out!"  , Instead of thinking broadly about the games that you love, think about something specific that you like that sets you apart from the crowd. You also might find a niche in some particular, narrow aspect of gameplay or game design.Reading others' posts can also help you get a sense of what your niche should be. If you see a lot of people writing about a particular topic, ask yourself if you have anything new to contribute to their discussion.  If you're trying to build up a following so your blog will be successful, you need to show up on other people's blogs frequently. This doesn't mean you have to comment on every post, but you should be an active follower.When you show up on others' blogs frequently, they'll have greater recognition of your username and be more likely to read your posts when they see them. Supportive notes in particular are likely to get you more support from those who follow you.  You have the ability to private message and communicate directly with other My IGN users from your account. Adjust these settings to suit your personal safety preferences.For example, you may want to allow anyone to message you, or you may want to restrict messages to followers who you also follow. The more interaction you have with other users, the more interested and supportive they'll be of your posts. Don't necessarily think about it in those terms, though. Just relax and have fun talking to other gamers.  When you log into your account, you'll see a tab that says "blog." Clicking on it will give you the choice of either writing a new blog post or uploading a header. Before you write your first post, make sure your blog looks the way you want.You can use a header image to make your blog more attractive to view. Play around with this to get your page looking the way you want. If you change your mind about it later, you can always upload a new image.  For your first blog post, your best option typically is to let your followers and readers know who you are and what kinds of things you're going to write about on your blog.Use the same writing style and voice you plan to use for your reviews. This gives first-time readers an introduction to your writing style as well. Start by introducing yourself as a person, using highlights that are relevant to your gaming interests. Then discuss the structure and focus of your reviews and your schedule for posting them, if you have one.  When you've finished writing your blog post, proofread it carefully for errors. Click the button at the bottom of the page to publish your blog when you're satisfied with it and ready for others to read it.Once you publish your blog, anyone who follows it will see it pop up in the feed on their home page.  At the bottom of each blog post, you'll see a big red button that says "submit." Clicking this button will pull up an email client so you can send an email to IGN staff asking for your blog to be featured.Use the email to briefly sell yourself and your blog post. Talk about what makes it (or you) special, and why your post deserves to be featured. You'll receive an email notification if your blog post is selected to be featured on the IGN homepage.  Once you've published your blog post, you can still link to it on other websites or around the community to get people to read your post. Encourage others to share it as well to get the word out about your reviews.The more popular your blog posts are, the more likely you are to be featured on the IGN homepage on a regular basis. Even if you're not featured, if you have a lot of users following your blog your reviews will still get a lot of attention.  You can promote individual posts by messaging or commenting on posts. If you read something that you think is related to something you wrote, drop a link so the other person can read it.Be careful with this and make sure your post is actually relevant to the discussion. You don't want to spam people, and most people are put off if they feel like you're only talking to them to promote your work.	Go to the My IGN website. Verify your email. Build your profile. Follow games and people. Participate to earn points. Read and comment on other people's work. Find your niche. Check your feed regularly. Interact with other people. Click on your blog tab. Introduce yourself. Publish your blog. Submit your blog. Promote your work. Continue engaging with others.
There are graphic design seminars on all sorts of different topics, from how to use a new tool in a software program to how to re-create a specific effect in your own work. Determining what you need to know more about will help you in your search for a good graphic design seminar.; , Though you'll have to travel to the venue and perhaps even stay at a hotel, the seminar can also offer you great networking opportunities that can be of great use to your further career. However, if you decide to attend a graphic design seminar online, you may learn more as you will most likely have the opportunity to save the transcripts of the seminar.  Keep in touch with your colleagues, whether it's by email, online forums, or in person. If there are any good graphic design seminars scheduled, chances are you will hear about it through somebody else in the field.  Most educational institutes keep a list of events such as conferences and professional development seminars. Look in your alumni magazine or on the school's website to see if they're listing any graphic design seminars. If you know your school doesn't publish this kind of information but the faculty may know about it, you can always call the school's office to ask.  Usually, good graphic design seminars are well advertised, so take some time every month to see what the upcoming events are.  Usually, they feature a page for events where you will find listings such as graphic design seminars.  For example, Adobe offers seminars across the globe where experts share tips and tricks about Adobe's design products.  Once you've found a potential graphic design seminar, do an online search to find out more about the host and to see if he or she has a proven track record in the business.	Determine what subject you'd like to know more about. Decide whether you want to attend a graphic design seminar in person or over the Internet. Use your professional network. Check with your alma mater. Read trade magazines for the graphic design industry. Check popular digital arts and design websites. Go to the websites of the companies that create graphic design software to see if they're advertising any seminars. Verify the credentials of the company, institute, or person hosting the seminar.
Unfortunately, Michael is the only one of the three characters that can do yoga, and you must complete one of his story missions to unlock the activity. “Did Somebody Say Yoga?” occurs roughly halfway through the game, after completing the mission “Dead Man Walking,” so you’ll have to go through the story as usual until this mission begins.   While you’re at home as Michael, Amanda comes in and a cutscene begins. The two argue for a bit, until Michael finally agrees to try out yoga with his wife. The two then exit into the backyard, followed by Amanda’s instructor, Fabien. Michael will step onto his yoga mat, and a series of QTEs (quick time events) will begin.; , Button prompts will appear on-screen guiding you to press down on either of the sticks or directional arrows. Apply slight pressure, gradually increasing it as Michael gets into position.   If you press too hard or too quickly, Michael will stumble, and you will have to start the pose over. There are a total of 3 poses. Once completed, another cutscene will begin, ending with Amanda and Fabien leaving Michael.  After the cutscene, you’ll be in your car with Jimmy, and you’ll find a new checkpoint on the map. Follow the yellow lines to reach this point. Another cutscene will begin, which features Jimmy picking up drugs from one of the workers.   Jimmy coerces Michael into trying some, which immediately blurs the screen and makes the car impossible to control. Jimmy pushes Michael out of the car. After this, Michael has hallucinations, and dreams that he is dropped mid-air over Los Santos. After this, Michael wakes in his underwear and rushes back home. The house is empty, with only a note behind from Amanda saying that his family has left him. After this, the mission is complete.  There will now be two locations on the map where you can do yoga: Michael’s backyard and the top of Mount Gordo. To view these locations, press the Start key (PS3 and Xbox 360) or M key (PC). The yoga icons resemble a figure sitting with crossed legs.   For directions to the two locations, press the X button (PS3), A button (Xbox 360), or Shift Key (PC) while your cursor is over the icon.  Just follow the map to the location of your choice, and once you reach the predetermined yoga location, an on-screen prompt will ask if you wish to do yoga.  Select the “Yes” option. Once you select “Yes,” Michael will begin doing the 3 poses he practiced with Fabien earlier. If you make a mistake with the buttons, you will have to start the pose over once more.   The yoga session ends after the third pose, but can be repeated indefinitely.	Begin the “Did Somebody Say Yoga?” mission. Finish the yoga with Fabien. Ride with Jimmy. Find locations to do yoga. Go to one of those locations. Do yoga.
There are two main options that should accommodate most visitors to Channel Islands National Park:    Los Angeles International Airport is easily the most convenient option for the majority of travelers. With thousands of incoming and outgoing flights per day, it is one of the busiest airports in the world and provides regular service to every major North American city—though not all flights will be direct.  Santa Barbara Airport is a much smaller airport, but is closer to the park. Flying to Santa Barbara from outside California will almost always require a transfer.  Check every website that offers discount fares to see if one might be holding a sale to your destination city. If you’re willing to deal with one or even two transfers, you should be able to save some money over opting for a direct flight.  Bear in mind that you will save money by purchasing non-refundable tickets over refundable ducats, but that you could be left with nothing if you cannot make the flight. Most tickets can be changed for a pre-determined fee.	Locate the closest airports to the park. Research flight prices to find the best deal. Purchase your ticket(s).
This will help you put down in words, specifically, why you are feeling down. This makes it easier to identify ways to motivate yourself., Writing is a notable tool for thinking.If you want to escape thinking about your problems but still want to feel better, consider writing creatively. This can help you brain de-stress and give yourself an outlet.   Forms of creative writing include poetry, fiction, or nonfiction. Remember, you don’t have to show anyone your writing. It can be for your eyes only.  Affirmations are psychologically beneficial to reinforce positive behavior. These affirmations helps you define your focus.   It also helps to think about the future and reflect on the past. Daily affirmations also has been proven to help general day-to-day mood as well as prevents stress.	Write down what stresses you. Write, creatively. Write down what you are thankful for.
Throw one or two cups of cottage cheese in a blender with a splash of white vinegar or lemon juice and blend until smooth. When you’re done, you’ll have a convenient go-to condiment that looks and tastes almost exactly like its high fat counterparts, but with a fraction of the calories.Slather your sour cream replacement onto nachos, baked enchiladas, a bowl of chili or a burger. Fill deviled eggs with a cottage cheese mixture for a protein-packed nibble., Cut the amount of milk you add to your smoothies in half and let cottage cheese fill in for the rest. This will up the protein content considerably, and since it’s thicker, you’ll never have to worry about watery smoothies again.Choosing to include sweeter flavors can help balance out the saltiness of the cottage cheese. Add cottage cheese to make-ahead smoothie packs and refrigerate. That way, all you have to do is dump everything into a blender when you need a quick snack or meal replacement., Cottage cheese makes a welcome addition to a steaming spud, especially when teamed up with bacon, chives, shredded cheddar and all the other fixin’s. In fact, it’s smooth and salty enough to make butter unnecessary, which will help spare you even more calories and fat.You can also use cottage cheese to fill out twice-baked potatoes and potato skins., Where you would ordinarily use cream cheese, going with blended cottage cheese can enhance both the flavor and texture of hearty dips. A decadent spinach-artichoke or creamy bleu cheese buffalo chicken dip made with cottage cheese is sure to be a crowd pleaser at your next dinner party or casual get together.For Mediterranean-inspired dishes, create your own skinny version of tzatziki by blending cottage cheese with cucumber, dill, mint and lemon juice.Don’t forget to strain the liquid whey out of the cottage cheese before folding it into your dip.	Substitute it for sour cream or mayo. Blend it into a smoothie. Top a baked potato. Try it in your favorite dips.
Think of a personal hero--real, fictional, dead or alive. What are the qualities you look up to in this person? If you don't have one, you can create one based on the qualities you most admire in people or would love to possess. Chances are that this hero you have in mind will have integrity. Being a credible hero is about being trustworthy, and having strong moral values (sense of right and wrong).Be honest. Integrity is also about being honest. Communicate your feelings and thoughts respectfully and assertively. This means not being afraid to say how you feel. Use "I statements" such as, "I feel ____, when you ____." For example, you might say, "I feel angry when you hurt other people." Follow through. If you say you are going to do something, do it. Otherwise, don't make false promises if you aren't sure if you can follow through. Heroes are people that we can count on. They are dependable and consistent. Know your moral values. Identify your ethics and what you believe in to increase moral responsibility.Write a list of your moral values. For example, you might believe in freedom, equality, justice, and free speech. Identify what you disagree with and write these down. For example, you might be against: murder, stealing, harming yourself, harming others, cheating, and violence.; , Courage is another strong value of a hero. Being courageous means having independence, facing your fears, and being willing to take risks.Have the bravery and courage needed to face your fears instead of avoiding them. Choose personal growth over safety (the desire to feel comfortable).If you feel uncomfortable in a situation such as public speaking, all the more reason to cultivate this skill. Once your face your fear you may realize that it wasn't so bad or scary after all. Remember that having courage is not about doing risky things and putting yourself in unsafe situations. Always put safety first.  Heroes do not dwell on the negative because if they did they would not have enough energy to save people and fight the bad guys. Heroes believe in themselves and think they can go up against anyone at any time. Positive thinking can increase self-esteem and overall life satisfaction.You are going to need that positive outlook and optimism to be a confident hero in your life.   Stop complaining and start living! When you find yourself getting down about the current situation, do something to get your mind off of it. Try taking a walk, taking deep breaths, or focusing on a task. Develop a positive mantra.Heroes tend to have slogans or words to live by. Some examples of superhero slogans include, “I’m the best there is at what I do" (Wolverine) and “With great power comes great responsibility" (Spiderman).  Self-awareness is an important component of being a good hero.Being your own hero is not about feigning a false image of yourself to the world or becoming a narcissist without true integrity. Being your own hero is about knowing your strengths as well as your downfalls. Even Superman was weak to kryptonite.   Take personal responsibility for your part. Admit your mistakes and don’t blame your situation on others. Apologize when you need to. Identify solutions and learn from your mistakes.Consider some situations in life (school, work, family) you think could have gone better. Next, play out these scenes as your hero. How would a hero have acted in the same situations? What would a hero have said or done? Instead of focusing too much on your flaws, pay attention to what you can improve upon. Look at these mistakes or weaknesses as areas of personal growth.Tell yourself something like, "I am continually growing and developing. I am open to improving myself through new experiences."  , Heroes are calm in the face of danger.If you find yourself getting upset try stopping yourself and taking a step back from the situation.   Think before you act.Stop and take a breath if that helps you. Observe your thoughts and feelings. Practice coping resources that work for you. Some examples include: exercising, talking with a friend, writing in a journal, and meditating.	Enhance your integrity. Be courageous. Look on the bright side. Acknowledge your weaknesses. Regulate your emotions.
Even if you are going to a local restaurant you eat at often, treat the dinner like a special occasion. Christmas dinner can still be special even if you are going out. Put on nice clothes and make the meal a fun, festive, nice occasion.   If you don’t want to wear dress clothes, you may consider wearing festive clothes. Consider wearing Christmas sweaters or sweatshirts, socks, or even festive jewelry.  While you are eating, you should think of a few things to do to make sure you and your guests have a great time. Think about some discussion topics ahead of time that everyone would enjoy. Stay away from controversial topics, such as politics and religion. These topics may be uncomfortable for some people.   Consider any activities your dining party can do. This may be something like a movie afterwards, either at the theater or at your home.  You may be dining out, but the people serving you are spending their Christmas Day working. Even if the meal is expensive, tip your server. Christmas is a time for giving and spreading cheer, so make sure to give back by taking care of the wait staff.	Dress up for the occasion. Find ways to ensure a good time. Tip your wait staff.
Choose at least four to five simple rules for the classroom and write them down. You will use these rules to manage the classroom and establish boundaries among your students.Your rules may include: all students must come to class on time and ready to learn, all students must be prepared to listen and ask questions by raising their hand, and all students must be aware of the consequences of missing class or turning in assignments late. You may also have a rule about playing fair with others in the classroom and listening respectfully to others when they speak. Make sure you have at least one to two rules that directly address discipline and behavior towards others in the classroom.; , Start the school year on the right foot by printing out the rules and handing them out to all students. You can also post them on the blackboard or put them on the class’ online message board so they are readily available throughout the year. Explain to your students that you expect them to all follow these four to five rules and to enforce these rules among themselves., You should be clear about the negative consequences of disruptive behavior in class. If a student talks over another student when she is speaking, for example, this could be considered disruptive and the consequence could be a reprimand from you. As well, if one student refuses to share an item with another student, this could be considered a violation of the rules and could lead to points deducted from her participation grade. Explain possible situations that may be considered disruptive or against the rules of the classroom.You should also discuss the positive consequences of following the classroom rules, such as verbal praise, or entering a class raffle for a prize. You may also use the star system, where a student who follows the rules receives a gold star beside her name or a check mark. Group rewards can be effective, where you put a marble in a jar every time the group interacts well and follows the rules, and when the marbles reach a certain height in the jar, the entire class is allowed to go on a special field trip or event. Once you explain the rules and expectations of the classroom, you should have the class verbally agree to the rules or raise their hands to show they understand the rules. This will act as a commitment to the class rules by everyone in the room.  Doing this will ensure parents are aware of your classroom rules and understand how you will discipline your students. Parents may need to be involved in classroom issues if they get out of control, so it will be useful to share the classroom rules in the first week of class.You can also ask parents to go over the rules with their children at home so the rules are clear. This will also signal to children that their parents approve of the classroom rules.  Children respond to fair, consistent behavior, and will often lead by example. Make sure you review the rules and expectations for the classroom at least once a week so your students can remember them.It is also important that you ask your students if they have any questions or concerns about the rules. Some students may feel a certain rule needs to be more specific or to be adjusted. Be open to a discussion about the classroom rules and allow your students to voice their opinions. Though you may decide not to shift or adjust any rules, this will show students that you respect their opinion and indicate they are thinking critically about the rules.  In the event of an issue or problem in the classroom, draw on the established rules and expectations for the students. Do not be afraid to be strict about the rules, as this is the only way they will be enforced in the classroom. Be prepared to give out appropriate punishments, but avoid yelling or getting angry at students. Instead, use punishments that encourage self awareness and discussion, rather than humiliation or embarrassment.You should also try to maintain positive consequences throughout the school year when a student or the class follow the rules. This will remind the class that the rules are made to reward, as well as to discipline.	Decide on basic classroom rules. Share these rules and expectations with the class on the first day of school. Discuss the negative consequences and positive consequences of the rules. Give a copy of the rules to parents during the first week of school. Review the rules on a regular basis. Put the rules into action.
A person with bipolar disorder cannot control their mood. Your child may have waves of mood swings. If they're experiencing a manic episode or depressive episode, they can't control themselves and snap out of it. The ups and downs can last for weeks at a time. A child can find it difficult to cope with this. Because of the BD, your child may display different limits compared to other children. The best way to deal with this is to accept it.Avoid trying to reason with your child. Don't tell them things like, "Stop acting crazy," or, "Look on the bright side". Validate your child's feelings and accept how they feel. Tell them, "Your feelings are valid. There is nothing wrong with feeling what you feel."; , Everyone experiences stress from time to time. However, increased stress can make bipolar disorder worse for your child. This stress may occur at home or school. Even though you can't get rid of all the stress for your child, try to take steps to prevent added stress, such as working with them to properly manage their time.Ask your child how you can help if they feel stressed out about something, and try to help them the best you can. Say, "I know stress upsets you. What can I do to help you manage your stress?" If your child is not old enough to understand this, you can keep a behavior journal to try to track various triggers or circumstances that lead to them getting stressed. When you learn your child's limits, pay attention to them. Avoid pushing your child to their limits unnecessarily. For example, if your child gets overwhelmed by a certain chore, give them a different chore; however, don't just eliminate all the chores. You still want to make sure to teach your child responsibility, but your child just may not be able to do as much or certain things. If your child feels stressed by school, you can try talking to the teacher. For example, if too much homework stresses your child, try to talk to their teacher to see if they can lessen the amount.  Consider creating a routine for your child to reduce stress in their life. Routine will help your child get used to responsibilities and know what to expect so that they don't get overwhelmed. Chaos and instability may make their bipolar disorder worse. An established routine can help your child avoid stress and cope with daily life. Doing the same thing at the same time every day gives them a sense of security in knowing what comes next.The routine should include when your child wakes up, mealtimes, study/homework time, chores, playtime, and when they go to bed. Most children with bipolar disorder function best in a structured routine. Many also have short attention spans. Be patient and ready to move on to another activity when they are.  Always try your best to validate your child's feelings and truly listen to how they're feeling. When your child tries to talk to you about something, give them all your attention. Really listen to what they have to say, even if you don't understand how they feel. Communication is key to help your child with bipolar disorder.If your child approaches you, turn off all electronic devices and focus on them. Tell them, "I am listening to you." You may want to repeat some of the things they say, ask questions, or respond to let them know you are listening to them. If your child doesn't talk to you, try to open the lines of communication. Tell them, "I know that your bipolar disorder may be confusing or overwhelming at times. You may not know how to talk about it. I am here to listen without judgment to whatever you are feeling." You may want to try a prompt, such as, "Give me two feeling words for how you're doing right now." When you notice your child is not in the best mood, be honest about it and ask how they're feeling in a loving manner. You may say, "How are you feeling today? You seem a little upset." Or, "It's okay that your mood has shifted. I'm here for you and will listen to you."  , When your child is having a rough time, your words play a big role on how they'll react. Avoid covering up their feelings and acting like their feelings are easy to cope with. This will end up making them feel worse, as if they're emotions really don't matter.Be aware of saying statements, such as "It's not so bad;" "Be positive;" "You're over-reacting. It's not that bad;" or "It's okay. Be tough." Instead, validate their feelings and show that you do care. Say things like, "You're not alone. I'm right here for you," or, "I may not be able to understand how you exactly feel, but I'm always here to listen and help you." You can also say, "You are very important to me and your life matters a lot to me," and, "I know it doesn't feel like it now, but the way you feel will change."  , Your child may feel embarrassed, ashamed, or guilty for having bipolar disorder, especially if they're the only one in the family who has this disorder. Support your child and tell them that it's okay and that having bipolar disorder is not their fault. If your child continually says that they're a hassle to deal with, firmly tell them that's not true and that you're always there for them, even if you don't know exactly how they feel.You can talk to them about various famous people who struggled with bipolar disorder in order to normalize their situation. Examples include Carrie Fisher, Demi Lovato, Vincent van Gogh, and Virginia Woolf. Tell your child, "You are not to blame for your disorder. You didn't cause it, and there are things we can do to help you feel better." You can also say, "It's not your fault that you have bipolar disorder; that's how you are and there are treatments that can help you." Or try, "You shouldn't feel guilty about your disorder. There are ways to feel better."  , Your child may need special allowances when they go to school so that their needs are met. Your child may need to take breaks during classes, be assigned less homework during difficult times, delay important instruction until they feel alert, and reduce some assignments, projects, or tests. Start by discussing your child's condition with their teacher.Consider forming an Individualized Education Program, or IEP, to help your child cope and deal with school without feeling stressed. To set up an IEP, start by talking to the school. Guidance counselors can help get you started.	Accept your child's limits. Try reducing stress. Set up a routine. Communicate honestly and openly with your child. Offer plenty of emotional support. Support your child. Talk to your child's school personnel.
Plywood comes in several different types of wood and thicknesses. The type of wood does not matter too much. A ¾ in (2 cm) thickness is ideal, especially if you live in a apartment and there are folks who live beneath you. If noise is not an issue, ½ in (1.3 cm) thick plywood will work.Plywood usually comes in 4x8 ft (1.2x2.4 m) boards. Two of these boards positioned side-by-side is usually ideal for a home dance floor.; , Sealing your dance floor will help make it much more resilient and help it last longer. You’ll apply sealant to the wood you’re using for the dance floor's surface before assembling the dance floor. Sealants are available at the hardware store or online., The easiest option is laying the boards down flat on a tarp. If you have a couple saw horses, you can also position the board on the saw horses with a tarp on the ground to catch any dripping sealant. , Most likely, you will be directed to sand the board, clean it with mineral spirits, apply a coat of the sealant with a brush, allow it to dry, and do it all again. Be sure to follow the directions of your sealant closely, as they will help ensure a good, smooth seal.Apply three or four coats and sand the surface before each coat. Once a coat has dried, walk around the board and look at from several angles. Pay extra attention to any patches that aren’t shiny when applying the next layer.  When assembled side by side, two sheets of plywood will make the perfect sized dance floor for home use in a carpeted room. If you want the dance floor to be lighter and a bit easier to move, have the hardware store cut each sheet down to 3.5x8 ft (1x2.4 m)., Before fastening the boards to one another, inspect each side of your plywood boards. Position the boards on the floor with the side that will be the dancing surface facing down. The sides of the boards facing up will be the bottom of your dance floor, which will allow you to attach a hinge and fasten the two boards together.When positioned snugly side by side, the boards will make an 8x8 ft (2.4x2.4 m) dance floor.  Including a hinge on your dance floor will keep each half together and will make the floor easy to move and store. A five or six foot piano hinge is ideal, but you can also use multiple smaller hinges instead.Use wood screws to fasten the hinges to the sheets of plywood. Make sure the screws are shorter than the thickness of the plywood. Position the hinges so that the boards rest snugly side by side when the hinges are open.  Rounded trim on the edges of your dance floor will improve its appearance, reduce stubbed toes, and allow you to more comfortably step on the edge of the floor. When selecting pieces of trim, make sure individual pieces are slightly longer than the sides of the floor, and that they are the same thickness as the plywood you used., In order for the pieces of trim to meet snugly at the corners of your dance floor, they need to be cut at 45-degree angles. Take care to account for this angle when measuring your piece. For instance, for a 8 ft (2.4 m) side of the dance floor, you’ll need a piece of trim that’s 8 ft (2.4 m) long not including the angled portion of the trim.If you’re using ½ in (1.3 cm) plywood and ½ in (1.3 cm) rounded trim, the outside edge of the trim (which will include the angled portion) will be 8 ft (2.4 m) and 1 in (2.5 cm) long. Note that you’ll need to cut the trim in half on the sides that have the split to allow the dance floor to fold.  Use wood glue to fasten the trim to the edges of the dance floor. Make sure you’re putting the halved pieces of trim on the right sides of the floor., Once the glue has dried, hammer finishing nails into the trim about a foot apart. Make sure to position the nails to angle slightly downwards, so they don’t angle up and penetrate the surface of the dance floor.Don’t skip the nailing step. Even if the trim seems extremely well-attached after the glue has dried, it will eventually come off if you don’t nail it down.	Select plywood. Get a polyurethane sealant. Set up a space to seal the boards outside. Follow the specific directions on the sealant. Get two pieces of 4x8 ft (1.2x2.4 m) plywood. Determine which sides will be your dance surface. Attach the plywood sheets to one another with a hinge. Consider adding rounded trim. Cut the trim to meet at the corners. Glue the trim to the dance floor. Nail the trim down.
Body lice live in the seams of clothing and feed on human blood. They are larger than head lice and easy to spot on the body. They are commonly found in areas where people live in very close quarters or don't have access to bathing and washing facilities. Body lice are easy to get rid of once access to these facilities is gained.To treat body lice, do the following:   Throw out the infested clothing. Lice can live up to a month in clothes. Instead of trying to save them, throw them out. Wash new clothing with hot water, and dry at a high temperature. Take regular showers or baths and use soap. Regularly wash clothing, bedding, and other linens. Pediculicides are usually not necessary to get rid of body lice.  Pubic lice, also known as crabs, is most commonly spread through sexual contact. They spread very easily from person to person. Pubic lice can also live in areas of the body with coarse hair, like the eyebrows, ears and armpits. The lice and their nits are easily visible. There are a few ways you can get rid of public lice:   Get an over-the-counter lotion containing 1% permethrin (such as Nix) or a mousse containing pyrethrins and piperonyl butoxide (such as Rid or Pronto). These chemicals effectively kill the lice. Use according to the instructions on the package. Do not use them around your eyes, brows, or eyelashes. Remove the lice with a nit comb. Wash your clothes and underwear in very hot water. Soak combs and other items in hot water for 5 minutes. Shave the pubic region. Getting rid of the hair the lice cling to is effective, especially in combination with the chemical treatment. Monitor the area for signs of new lice. It may be necessary to undergo a second treatment. Inform any sexual partners from the previous month that they will need to be checked and treated. Only use lindane shampoo as a last resort. It's effective but studies have shown it has a negative effect on the brain., Canine lice cannot be transmitted to humans (nor human lice to canines), but they can make your dog very uncomfortable. There are two types of canine lice: trichodectes canis, known as a chewing louse, and linognathus setosus, known as a sucking louse.Take your dog to the veterinarian. It's important to make sure that what your dog has is actually lice. Use a powder, spray or other treatment at the advice of your veterinarian. Wash the dog's bedding and everything he has touched in very hot water. Soak grooming tools in very hot water for 5 minutes.	Treat body lice. Treat pubic lice. Treat canine lice.
You can buy an anti-static spray at your local pharmacy or hair salon. Don’t overdo it with the spray – a quick once-over of your hair should do the trick. Try to only spray in the troublesome spots. This will help to defrizz your hair immediately.; , Apply a cream based product to your hair while it’s still wet. This one you’ll want to apply from root to tip. Warm the product by rubbing it between your hands before you apply it., If you’re having serious troubles with frizzy hair every day, you might want to consider using a hydrating mask once a week. You can buy your own hydrating mask at a hair salon or you can have a professional apply it to your hair. Apply the amount that the bottle recommends to towel dried hair and let it soak in for 5-7 minutes.   A hydrating mask is a good idea in dry winter months to help combat frizz.	Use anti-static spray. Use a cream hydrator. Consider using a hydrating mask once a week.
Bend your knees and get low to the ground. Hang your head low. When you stand up quickly after you've been crouching, sitting, or laying down for a while, the blood rushes from your head, and your brain is momentarily knocked off of its usual equilibrium.If you haven't been sitting or laying down for long, try crouching down and breathing rapidly to simulate the process.   Be aware of external factors. The lightheaded effect will be more intense if you're hungry or dehydrated, or if the air is hot and humid.If you get too lightheaded, you might faint or vomit. Consider standing on your head or performing a handstand. Turning yourself upside-down is a very quick way to bring blood to your head. The process is essentially the same: stay upside-down for a minute or two until your head is heavy – then stand. Make sure that you have plenty of neck support.; , In theory, this will increase your blood flow and temporarily raise your blood pressure – especially to your head and lungs. Keep breathing and crouching for at least thirty seconds, and as long as several minutes. Bear in mind that the longer you stay down, the more likely you are to feel lightheaded upon standing.   The heavier and faster you breathe, the higher your heart rate will go. This will cause your blood flow to quicken.  Hold your head high, and don't move around much. The blood pressure should drain from your head, suddenly. You should feel lightheaded almost immediately.   Your vision may go dark. You may see spots, "stars", or bright points of light dancing before your eyes. You should feel an overwhelming head rush.  It's best to stand still for a few moments and enjoy the sensation. Let your vision return, and let your brain restore its balance. If you try to walk while you're very lightheaded, you might trip, fall, or bump into something.	Crouch. Breathe quickly and deeply in your crouched position. Stand up quickly. Wait before you walk.
Slice both ends off of the squash and slice the remainder into thin rings. ,   Crack an egg and pour the yolk and white into a bowl. Lightly beat the egg with a fork, and sprinkle the beaten egg with salt and pepper. Pour cornmeal or flour into a separate bowl. Place both bowls next to the stovetop so that you can batter your squash and then quickly drop it into the hot oil.  Heat the oil to 350 degrees Fahrenheit (175 C), checking the temperature with a candy thermometer.  Then, dip the squash into the flour or cornmeal.  Lower the contents of the basket into the heated oil.  Remove them with the mesh basket, and place them on plates lined with paper towels to drain the oil.  The pieces are flavorful enough to serve on their own, but you can also provide a small container of ranch dressing for dipping.	Rinse summer squash and pat it dry. Sprinkle the squash with a generous amount of salt and pepper.  , Prepare the batter. Pour 2 cups of canola oil into a heavy-bottomed skilled. Dip the squash into the egg using either some tongs or your fingers. Place the battered squash pieces into a mesh basket. Cook the squash pieces until they brown and float to the top of the oil. Serve the deep-fried squash.
In order to defend yourself or mitigate on your own behalf you have to understand what it is that you are being charged with. Do your research: find out the relevant ingredients, defences and sentences. If you are already at court and unclear speak to the duty solicitor or legal clerk (see below.); , Some courts use the dock; others will make you stand at the back of court. Only if you give evidence will you be asked to take the witness stand. You will be asked to confirm your name, DOB and address. If you have not already entered a plea you will be asked to do so. If you understand the charge enter a plea of guilty or not guilty. Stand until you are told that you can be seated.  You won’t be expected to be an expert in court etiquette. Follow these rules you won’t go too far wrong:   Address the Bench (the judge or magistrate) as “Sir” or “Madam”. If there are 3, focus on the one in the centre. If you have something to say politely ask “Sir, may I address you on __________”. Don’t just start talking. Never interrupt. You will get your chance to speak. When you talk to the bench, or when they talk to you, stand up and talk as clearly as possible. It might be that they say you can remain seated but it is important to show respect.  If you are worried about public speaking or forgetting things that you want to say it might be a good idea. Be as concise as possible. Typed is preferable. You can hand up a written document and still make oral submissions. Often the Legal Clerk will agree to read it if you would prefer.Written submissions can be memorable and effective but nothing can replace speaking to someone and looking them in the eye.  If you think that there is a genuine reason that the proceedings should be adjourned don’t be afraid to ask for one. Tell the bench why it would be unfair to continue. How long do you need? Unless there is good reason an adjournment will be refused.  They tell the magistrates what the law is. They should be neutral, almost a referee, between the prosecution and defence. If there is a legal argument their advice to the Bench will be vital. They should also help to explain the law to you. If their advice is wrong then you can appeal. Many of the decisions in the Magistrates’ Court are come to in a formulaic way. There is limited discretion. There are guidelines relating to sentences and penalties.  Before your case has even been decided you will often have to complete a means form. Fines are based on your income. Regard is given to how much available income you have. The magistrates will see the form before they sentence you. Think of how much you can afford to pay per week/month. Most fines will have to be paid in less than a year.  If pleading guilty, this is your chance to tell the Bench why they should be lenient when they sentence you. See below for a sample structure.	Understand the law:It is absolutely crucial that you understand the law relevant to your offence. Entering the court: You will be shown by a member of court staff where to stand. Being heard: Don’t worry too much about the formality of being in court. Written submissions v. Oral submissions: It is perfectly acceptable to hand up a written statement or letter to the Bench. Adjournments: An adjournment is a pause in the proceedings. The legal clerk & sentencing guidelines: The legal clerk is a very important person in the Magistrates’ Court. Getting sentenced: Means form and the plea in mitigation. Plea in mitigation.
If you normally part your hair on the side, go a little deeper than you normally would. To keep it in place while you work on your hair, you can use a clip on the side with more hair, away from the roots., A deep hair part should line up with the highest point of your eyebrow. Doing so will make the look seem more sophisticated and clean. Just use a comb to help you see where the part should go, starting from the highest point of your eyebrow arch.You can take the part a little further down for an edgier look.  No one is perfectly symmetrical. Therefore, make sure to try the part out on each side of your head. You may find that one side looks better than the other, or you may find that both look equally good. Either way, you have that information for the future., To get a straight line in your part, use a comb to make the part. Take the corner of the comb and drag it up through your hair in a straight line, then split your hair to either side based on where you drew the line. You may need to go over it again.  While a straight-line part can look lovely, you can also take a messier approach. After you've dried and styled in your hair, simply flip up your hair from the side you choose. This technique creates a rounded crown of hair on top of your head, as well as the messier part.  If your face is round, letting the hair come partway across your face. In other words, with a down-do, don't just sweep your hair back or behind your ear. Let it frame your face. Doing so gives your face more definition.	Go a little farther than you normally do. Line it up. Try both sides. Use a comb for a straight part. Flip your hair for a more natural part. Let your hair fall across your face.
Creative mode might be ideal if you want to build your tower without being interrupted or having to scrounge for materials.Survival mode might be a better option for bragging rights among your friends, or it might give your tower purpose as a safe place to hide from mobs., It's always good to bring along as many resources you can so that you don't have to stop your tower building prematurely. Look for abundant blocks if you want your tower to have a uniform look.   Be mindful of materials effected by gravity, like sand or gravel., If you are trapped in your tower with no way down, use your bucket of water directly beneath you while falling to prevent fatal fall damage., The upper limit of a Minecraft world is 255 blocks tall, but the tallest tower you can make will start at block one. If you truly want to make the tallest tower possible, you will need to mine a deep hole to start your foundation at the lowest elevation possible.   In the PC version of Minecraft, you can check your altitude by pressing F3.  Break out some grid paper and start sketching a design. Maybe you want to imitate the Gothic architecture. Or do you want a simple, unmistakable square shape to rise up into heaven? Don't forget to plan a means of getting up and down. Stairs will speed your vertical travels considerably.   It all depends on taste, but keep in mind that the wider the base of your tower, the more material it will take for you to complete it. The more material, the longer the time.  These can be your inspiration! You could even use an existing structure as the foundation for your brand new tower.  Building such a large structure in Minecraft can be very time consuming, and your tower might benefit from additional builders working on it. Invite your friends to join you in building the biggest and best tower in the world.  A poorly planned foundation can limit your tower's upper range. If you are modifying an existing structure, begin with the lowest possible spot before building upwards evenly. Starting from scratch? Give yourself the max vertical height by digging down first.   Use dynamite to speed up the process.Blow a low spot in the landscape to make way for your tower building endeavors.  Don't forget your water bucket, and keep in mind the base you have planned. Lay the foundation, and then build upwards.  The in-game height limit is set to 255 blocks. Keep in mind that block one begins deep in the earth. Building your tower from block one to block 255 will require some excavation.  Or, if available, use the stairs you built into your tower. Be sure that your bucket is full of water before trying this or your avatar may die from fall damage. Jump off your tower looking down at the ground, and as you fall, use your bucket by left clicking.This glitch should protect you from fall damage.  Think about installing landings, which can be used to store materials or as a staging ground for the parts of your tower high up in the sky.  A system of ladders might help you travel the interior of your tower. A door might be nice in winter, or maybe a drawbridge if you chose a medieval theme for your tower.	Choose your preferred mode. Plan your tower building materials. Remember a bucket of water. Choose a location. Design the structure. Look at existing structures. Join forces with friends. Start at the base. Gather about 10+ stacks of whatever block you're using. Build as high as Minecraft will let you. Take a leap of faith with your trusty bucket. Resupply and return to your tower. Keep building until you're satisfied.
Looking confident is one of the most important parts of being persuasive. If you're not sure, then why should they trust you? Stand up straight, look people in the eye, smile, and keep your voice even and enthusiastic. Also dress nicely and not like a sweat pants and t-shirt.; , Do research on the computer or in the library. Know everything that you can possibly know about what you're trying to talk them into. You're not going to be very convincing if you tell them something that they know isn't true.   Where you get your information will depend on what you're arguing for, but try to only get your information from reliable, legitimate sources. It's a good idea to research all sides of the issue as well. Play devil's advocate with yourself!        , They'll probably have some arguments against what you're trying to get them to do. Know some of the most common arguments and be ready with a good way to win them over.  Keep calm and turn on the charm. Seriously though, if you start shouting or get all whiny, no one is going to listen to you anymore. It becomes like tuning out a small child. Keep calm and friendly in your demeanor and you'll be fine.  If you can, it's best to get to know your audience before you try to persuade them of anything. Develop a bond with them, because if they trust you, they'll be much more likely to listen to you. Even if it's just a half hour of trust building, anything helps.   Depending on the situation, how you bond with them may change. A good basic place to start would be to say, "Can I take you out for a cup of coffee?" While you're having coffee, talk to them about what's been going on in their life and the exciting or challenging things they have coming up. Offer them some solid advice and help them if you see an opening. Try not to persuade them during this meeting unless your matter is urgent. Take them out another time at least a week later, catch up on what you talked about previously, then get to work persuading.  Look at where your audience is coming from. Are they poor, rich, middle class? Do they live in the city, suburbs or the country? Do they come from this country or are they from somewhere else? Where do they work? Our background heavily influences how we perceive arguments and what arguments work best on us.   For example, if you're trying to persuade someone who's rich to buy something that looks low-class, sell it as "kitsch" or "Americana". To a lower class person, sell it realistically as a useful item.  Do they think of themselves as educated, logical people? Do they view themselves in a more emotional manner, like the hero of their own life story? How they see themselves will heavily influence what type of evidence you show them when you try to persuade them.   Talk with them for awhile and do your best to get them to talk about themselves. Listen to how they describe themselves or what they do. Do they emphasize what degree they have? Do they mention their church involvement? Do they talk about their kids? Another trick to seeing how they process information is to work them into a discussion of politics. See how they talk about the issues. This can reveal a lot about how they think.  Try slipping your idea into a conversation with the other person, to find out what they think about it. This can help you figure out how you're going to approach the idea with them and how they might react. The more prepared you are, the better.   Try to keep this as subtle as possible. For example, if you're planning on persuading your wife to let you buy a new car, tell her you need advice on something. Your buddy Max wants to remodel his living room (mention the cost as being the same as a new car and detail his family expenses as being the same as yours), but he doesn't know how to bring it up with his wife or what she'll think. Max asked you for advice but you thought your wife would know better. How she thinks the other woman should react can help you understand how she might react and what some of her arguments may be against it.  When you tell your audience anything, watch for their reactions. Watch their face, their body language, and even things as subtle as when they breathe. All of these things can tell you what someone is thinking.   Held breathes indicate anticipation, listening with bated breath, while a sharp exhale usually indicated surprise. Squinted eyes indicate doubt or displeasure, as do crossed arms. Relaxed body posture indicates mild interest or expected information, while upright posture with a forward lean indicates interest, sitting up up and taking notice. Fidgety movements indicate nervousness.  If you really want to be persuasive, you have to be able to change your tactics at a moment's notice. This means practice and it means being flexible and it means thinking things through before you go into them. Being able to react the right way to your audience's feelings can make all the difference.  Choose when to persuade them very carefully. Let's say you're a salesman: you want to sell someone a couch when they're looking at a couch, right? Not when they're looking at a fridge. And you want to pay attention to if they're spending a lot of time looking at different couches and not harass them as they're walking past trying to get to the exit. Timing is everything.  A bored audience is not a swayed audience. Make sure that you're keeping them engaged in the conversation that you're having. Give them lots of opportunities to talk and look for signs of that they're not feeling it (checking their watch, shifting their weight, etc).   You can pull the old teacher trick of randomly engaging them in conversation. Ask them questions every now and again, even if it's just something like, "What do you think of that?" or "What would you have done in this situation?" You can also refocus their attention by making them move, physically. Ask them to get up, look around, or say something. Make sure this makes sense in context, though, and use this trick sparingly.  Before really sinking into your argument, make them see the need for what you're arguing for. Even if there really isn't one, create the illusion of one. For example, if you're trying to persuade your wife to let you get a PS4, tell her about how you've been feeling really restless and bored lately and you're worried about the effect that that's having on your desire to be at home.  Take the most common argument against what you're trying to argue for and make it seem terrible and stupid. Make it seem like the worst possible option, or something that needs to be actively avoided. For example, if you're trying to persuade your teacher to increase your in-class reading time, show her some statistics about how few kids actually have conducive reading environments at home.  Make it seem like the decision they need to make about what you're persuading them to do can only be made for a short period of time. If they only have a few seconds or a few minutes to think about it, they'll have less time to realize they don't really like the idea.  When you persuade them, use language very carefully. Use words like "we", "together", and "us" instead of words like "you" and "I" or "me". This forces your audience to view you as a single unit with similar interests, rather than two separate people.  Use evidence when you're trying to persuade someone into doing something. If you have facts right in front of them that show how great your idea is, it becomes a lot harder to argue with you.  If they're someone who values education, intelligence and facts, appeal to their logic when you try to persuade them. Argue things like, "If you don't do (A) then (B) will happen because of (C) reasons."  , If they're someone that is obviously emotionally prone or strongly values emotions, use arguments like, "You should do (A) because if you don't then (B) will suffer and the consequences will affect (C,D, and E)."  , If they place a high value on themselves, use a similar argument to that for emotions but show the negative consequences for them instead of other people.  Help them see the reward in doing whatever you want them to do. Show them all of the upsides until what you're arguing really does sound like the best decision. Sometimes, you may have to get a little creative and find something that might not be that obvious. Another technique is to ask them what rewards they would want out of doing that thing or what rewards they think they'll get. Good luck!	Appear confident. Know what you're talking about. Prepare for their arguments against you. Stay calm. Develop an emotional bond. Look at where they're from. Evaluate how they think of themselves. Introduce the topic subtly. Watch for their reactions. Change your methods as necessary. Pick the right time. Keep them engaged. Create the need. Demonize the other argument. Make the decision rushed. Cultivate your language. Use evidence. Appeal to their logic. Appeal to their emotions. Appeal to their vanity. Help the other party see the reward.
You don’t have to shoulder the burden of work and life. Talk to your family members. Tell them when you are stressed and when you have a problem at work. They probably won’t mind listening to your issues. And you’ll feel better afterwards. Everyone needs support networks.  It can be exhausting having to play the role of employee and family member. You need to decompress. Play golf, go shopping, or see a movie. Blow off some steam before it builds up and you explode. Take some time where all you have to worry about is yourself. This is key. Have some “me” time., Prioritize it. You may be up against deadlines or have dozens of time-sensitive tasks to complete. Without sleep, your brain won’t be able to function on a level needed to take care of all of those problems. Get a solid 8 hours of sleep a night, every night., It is tempting to grab fast food, while you rush from the office to your home. Take time to eat healthy. Healthy nutrition translates to more energy, which you’ll need to maintain a balance., Working out, walking, going for a jog, or swimming at a pool can be great on a number of levels. You get some time to yourself. While you are working out, your brain will continue to examine problems from work or at home. Eventually, you’ll discover answers. The most obvious result is that you’ll feel better about yourself and feel better too. Those “gains” will make balancing work and life easier.	Rely on your friends and family. Take time for yourself. Get enough sleep. Eat healthy. Exercise.
If you love oats and think that it should be the highlight of your parfait, you can definitely take more.; , If you prefer honey, use that but the original recipe does call for maple syrup. This step is optional; if you aren't a fan of any kind of syrup, you don't need to add any. , Cook the oats and maple syrup for about 2 to 3 minutes. This should definitely add more crunch and sweetness to the oats. After it's done cooking, set that aside.  It really doesn't matter how you cut up the banana but thin slices are standard.  One of the best parts of making a parfait is that you can get creative with the types of yogurt. A great way to make a parfait healthy is by using Greek yogurt. For this parfait, vanilla flavored yogurt is nice. Other favorites that would be suitable include blueberry and strawberry yogurts, which will complement the banana flavor nicely.  Nuts that go really well with this parfait include walnuts, almonds, and cashews. If you don't like nuts, leave them out.  Keep in mind, they tend to have added sugar though.  Parfaits are usually layered, which works better when added to a tall glass rather than a bowl.  Flatten it slightly, so that it's easier to layer the things on top. ,,, When you reach the top, add any extra toppings that you picked out earlier. You can also add a drizzle of maple syrup of honey at the top if you want.  Some people like to refrigerate the parfait for about ten minutes, so that it's cold and refreshing when they eat it. It's up to you how long you wish to wait before serving it.	Take about 6 tablespoons of oats and put them in a bowl. Pour 1 tablespoon of maple syrup over the oats. Mix the oats and maple syrup well.  , Heat a nonstick pan at medium level. Check that the bananas are ripe before you start to cut them. Choose the yogurt. Pick out any additional nuts or toppings. Raisins and cranberries also taste really great with this parfait. Pick out a tall glass or cup. Start out by putting a big spoon of yogurt into the glass. Add a spoonful of oats on top.  , Add a few slices of banana.  , Keep repeating the last three steps until you reach the top of the cup: a layer or yogurt, then oats, and then bananas.  , Add toppings. Serve. Finished.
The quickest way to burn fat and, in turn, burn calories is cardio. No ifs, ands, or buts about it. Luckily, cardio comes in a number of forms.   Running, biking, swimming, boxing, tennis, dancing, and myriad other activities count as cardio. So if your knees aren't too thrilled about pounding the pavement, turn to other options.  Running, tae kwon do, aerobics, and rope jumping are some of the highest calorie-burning activities out there. Look into high-intensity-interval-training. The Journal of Physiology released a new study that stated "HIT means doing a number of short bursts of intense exercise with short recovery breaks in between. The authors have already shown with young healthy college students that this produces the same physical benefits as conventional long duration endurance training despite taking much less time (and amazingly, actually doing less exercise!)" Not only will you burn more calories, but you'll do it in a shorter amount of time.  Cardio is great, yes. You definitely need it to lose weight. However, in order to get the best results, you need to do cardio and weight-train.   Cardio can be done every day while weight-training cannot. Your muscles need time to heal. Aim for a cardio workout as often as possible, but limit your weight-training to a few times per week.  Nothing burns calories faster than brisk exercise. If you’re not already working out at least 3-4 times a week, get started. Your training sessions should be around an hour each and should balance cardiovascular activity with strength and conditioning. Get your heart rate up and your muscles burning. The more you move, you the more you’ll lose, period.Take a couple days off to rest throughout the week. You’ll be in a reduced calorie state, so your recovery time will be even more important than usual. You’re much more likely to exercise consistently if you can make things fun for yourself. If you’re not the treadmill type, try yoga, swimming, kickboxing, mountain biking, climbing or Crossfit. Anything that keeps you active will benefit your weight loss efforts., If you are rather out of shape (by your own doing or because of a physical problem), you may think that you can't work out. But you can -- you'll just have to work out for longer periods of time. Whether it's low intensity or high, it's still calorie burning and muscle strengthening.   Even adding short walks, taking the stairs, and washing the car count towards your calorie expenditure. If you can't run a 5k right now, relax. Be a little stricter on your diet and walk that 5k in the morning. Every little bit adds up.  Fasted cardio involves engaging in some type of cardiovascular exercise, such as jogging, swimming or rowing, while on an empty stomach. The idea is that without glycogen (sugars that enter your bloodstream when you eat) from food, your body will begin drawing on its fat stores to convert to ready-to-use energy. Fasted cardio has been shown to help athletes and dieters burn fat at a much faster rate than traditional forms of exercise.The best time to get in a fasted cardio session is after you first wake up, before you’ve eaten breakfast. Your blood sugar will already be sufficiently low from not having eaten overnight.For fasted workouts, keep the intensity low and the duration short. A 20-30 minute jog at a moderate pace or even a brisk walk will be more than enough to reap the benefits.  Workouts based on the Tabata Protocol, named after the scientist who invented it, are simple yet infinitely challenging: all you have to do is pick a single or compound movement and do it for 20 seconds at a time, with a 10 second rest break in between, for a total of four minutes (8 rounds). Sounds easy, right? Guess again. They’re excruciating and typically leave you heaving in a puddle of your own sweat, but Tabatas are an extremely metabolically-dense method of training, meaning they’ll cause fat to practically melt away.Choose simple movements, like lunges or squat thrusts, that can be repeated multiple times per round.To simplify things when you’re first starting out, only do each round for 10 seconds, with a 20 second rest. Switch to full rounds when you’re ready. Don’t push yourself too hard. Tabatas are one of the most intense forms of exercise there is and should only be attempted by those who are fit enough to handle it.	Start the cardio. Begin weight-training. Exercise more often. Be realistic about exercise. Perform fasted cardio. Give Tabatas a shot.
