Parents often read with their kids to get them reading, but fewer do math every day with their kids. Start with counting and number recognition. For instance, count how many strawberries are on the plate, how many signs are on the road, how many tires are on the car, and so on. Doing so will encourage your child to start understanding numbers.As your child starts understanding numbers, help them notice them when you're out and about. For instance, point out signs with numbers on them or help them notice numbers on menus. Games like hopscotch also help with number recognition.Shapes are also important when it comes to getting your child started on math. Point out shapes in the world, as well as with the toys they play with. For instance, you could say, "Look at that sign! It's a rectangle. And that one is a triangle!"; , You likely use math everyday, whether it's to calculate how much gas you can afford or how much meat you'll need for dinner. Instead of doing this math in your head, say it aloud. Your kids may not understand it all at first, but the exposure will help them be better mathematicians., Building toys help your kid understand spatial math. Building toys can be ones with pipes and joints, interlocking blocks, or even interlocking logs. They also help your child understand how parts form a whole. It can also help to model the behavior by building with your kid., Many board games for younger kids are designed to help them learn math. For instance, any game that requires your kid to count spaces helps with math, such as Chutes and Ladders or Candyland. Hi-Ho! Cherry-O is also a good option., It's been proven that there's a connection between learning and playing music and being better in math. Plus, playing an instrument can be fun. Your kid will need to learn to count, as well as learn to think abstractly.	Treat math like reading. Talk about math out loud. Get building toys for your kids. Enjoy family game time with math. Have fun with music.
Shampoos and conditioners that contain harsh chemicals like sodium lauryl sulfate may irritate or dry your hair to excess. Be careful which cleaning products you use.  While it may be fun, using curlers, straighteners, and blow-dryers on your hair can cause structural and heat damage. Keep your styling damage to a minimum. Style only when you absolutely need to, and don't overdo it. Shoot to style your hair at most once a week.  Feeding your body healthy, natural ingredients will go a long way in rejuvenating your hair. Because your hair is made of proteins, and needs protein to develop, it's a good idea to give it a balanced diet of lean protein, leafy vegetables, fruit, and whole grains.   Eat foods that are rich in omega-3 fatty acids. Omega-3s are found in cell membranes in the skin of your scalp, and in the natural oils that keep both your scalp and hair hydrated. Omega-3 rich foods include salmon, walnuts, flaxseed, and spinach.	Be mindful of the products that you put on your hair. Don't over-style your hair. Feed your body to feed your hair.
In a full machine, the toys are packed tightly together, making it harder to grab one.; , Count how many seconds they have after putting the money in. This will help you with your strategy later!  , Ask him/her to watch the sides of the machine to see if the claw is on the toy. In other words, one person uses the control to maneuver the claw while the other person spots and guides the controller to the item's destination. This method is a time saver and that's important - many claw machines run on 15 to 30 second timers. If you don't have anyone around to help, judge the claw's position by looking at the mirror inside the claw machine. The mirror can serve as your second person. ,   Four pronged claws are great for grabbing around the chest area of a stuffed animal. When you use this type of claw on a stuffed animal, try to maneuver the claw so that the four prongs are positioned both above and below the arms with the central part of the claw close to the neck or high chest area. Three pronged claws: For stuffed animals, instead of positioning two of the prongs above the arms, position the prongs around the left or right arm. Have the claw at an angle so that it covers the whole chest area of a stuffed animal.  This might rotate the claw on its way down, causing you to miss your basketball. If this is inevitable, try to bring it straight down as much as possible.   For best results, aim the center of the prongs in the radius center of the basketball. This technique draws a 60 to 70 percent chance of grabbing a basketball, but it is very difficult to center the claw in the middle of the basketball. But keep in mind that balls have a way higher catch rate than stuffed animals do. This means that you have more luck with that cute Super Mario plushy than the NBA Chicago Bulls basketball. If the prong picks it up with ease but then drops it at the top, try going for the one closer to the chute.    If you have 15 seconds, spend the first 10 seconds maneuvering, then the last 5 checking all sides of the machine to make sure you're positioned well enough for a grab (if you are doing this on your own). *The claw sometimes automatically goes down after time has gone up, but sometimes it goes back over the drop area, so make sure you are perfectly over the item you want and press the button to lower the claw.       If you have 30 seconds, spend 10 seconds maneuvering, 10 seconds checking the boundaries of the claw (sometimes it won't go all the way to the corners) 5 seconds for perfecting, then the last 5 dropping the claw.       If you have 45 seconds, spend 5 seconds deciding (if you put the money in already), 10 seconds maneuvering, 10 seconds checking boundaries, 20 seconds perfecting, and 5 seconds to drop the claw	Choose a claw machine that isn't totally full. If possible, watch someone else play. Enlist the help of a friend. Search for the item you want before you put your money into the machine, so your time is not wasted on deciding.  , Consider the type of claw when you are picking a target. To get a small collectible basketball, make sure the target ball is not surrounded by any other basketballs. Insert the money and immediately start.
The advantage of using a hot iron for disbudding is that it is bloodless and can be used in calves that are up to four months old. The disadvantages are that is is more painful that caustic paste, and it requires more restraint of the cow in order to keep you safe., You will need a heavy duty electric hot iron dehorner. There are many dehorners to choose from, and some may be made for a specific size of cow. Check the label before selecting your dehorner to make sure you are getting a dehorner that will work on the calf (or calves) you wish to dehorn.   Once you have purchased your dehorner, plug it into an outlet to let it charge. It has automatic temperature control and maintains heat at 100 °F (38 °C).  To do this, find a piece of wood and press the dehorner into it. If it makes a deep, dark ring in the wood within 10 seconds, it is hot enough.After the test, wait at least three minutes before using the disbudding iron on the calf.  Have your assistant press the cow’s head against his thighs using both hands. One hand should hold the head against his thighs, while the other hand should restrain the muzzle.   When restraining the cow, use walls to restrict the cow’s movement. Do this by pressing your hips against the body of the cow and sandwiching the cow between you and the wall.  Find the occipital groove, which runs behind the eye and up into the horn. Take the needle guard off and place the syringe in the flat of your hand. Use your index finger to stabilize the needle by pressing it on its base.   Use the other hand’s thumb to locate where the horn bud is, and inject the anesthetic at the base of the bud, making sure that the syringe is held at a 45 degree angle away from the cow’s eye. Inject 3 to 5 ml of Lidocaine per horn bud.  Release the needle and use your hand to massage the horn bud and the area around the horn bud to help the anesthetic sink in.   Let the anesthetic sink in for 10 to 20 minutes.  Place the hot iron over the horn bud and twist several times. Continue to do this until you hear the skin pop.   Look for a white ring, which means that you have burned enough of the bud.  Take the horn bud out by using the iron like a scoop and flicking it so that the bud snaps out. Doing this will leave a clean circle that is sealed and does not bleed.Look for a small white circle around the depressed area where the horn bud used to be. You should also check for bleeding, though the hot iron should not have drawn any blood. When you determine that the horn has been removed successfully, consider giving your cow some pain medication (this will be covered in the next section) and release the cow back into the stall or out into the field.	Consider the benefits and disadvantages of using a hot iron. Select your dehorner. Make sure the iron is hot enough. Have an assistant restrain the cow. Administer the local anesthetic. Gently massage the anesthetic into the area around the horn bud. Apply the hot iron to the horn bud. Remove the horn bud.
It's a gray app icon that contains an image of cogs; it is usually found on one of your home screens.   If you don't see it on one of your home screens, it could be located in a folder labeled Utilities. ; , It’s at the top of the fourth section of the Settings menu (below "Privacy").   If you haven't already signed into iCloud from your iPhone, enter your Apple ID and password.  The apps are listed alphabetically.  It’s the seventh selection in the iCloud menu’s fourth section. The space left of the button should be green. Now your iPhone’s saved articles and news sources will sync with your other devices via iCloud.	Open your iPhone's settings. Scroll down and tap iCloud. Scroll down to the list of apps until you see "News.", Slide the button next to “News” to the “On” position.
You can use multiple accounts to rate your own movies, increasing your views and earning you more StarCoins. First, you'll need to log out of your regular account. Click the "Log out" button in the upper-right corner and then confirm that you want to log out.  This will start the new account creation process.  Since you'll only be using this account to rate your other account's movies, you don't need to worry about looks.  Again, don't worry too much about how your name sounds. Just create something quick and write it down so you can remember it later.  Click the "Friends" button and then search for your original account's name. Click the "Add Friend" button to send your original account a friend request.  You'll see the movies you made listed on the far-right side of your profile.  Do the same thing you would if you were watching someone else's movie and watch it all the way through. Once it's finished, give it a rating.  You can keep making new accounts and watching your won movies to boost your viewer ratings. This will make it more likely that other real people will watch your movie, earning your more StarCoins.	Log out of MovieStarPlanet. Click the "Play Now" button to create a new account. Click the "Random Girl" or "Random Boy" button. Create a username and password. Add your original account as a friend once you're logged in. Open your original account's profile to find your movies. Watch your own movies all the way through and rate them. Keep making new accounts if you have the time and patience.
Listen to the radio, watch TV, or get them from a friend, native speaker, etc.; , aloud. This is probably the most important first step, because it gets you used to the sound of the language.  of the language. (And recite them to yourself.) By memorizing sentences, paragraphs, passages, etc., you will automatically be learning words in the process, and will be getting the context that gives them easy, intuitive meaning. As well as sentence structure, the sound of the words, etc. And you can choose from these words when creating your own sentences.   To make memorizing paragraphs and understanding easier, it helps to use a translation of a book that you already know. The bible or other religious book (even if you're not religious) is a great way to study and learn a language, because it's so easy to find translations of it in just about any language, the meaning is always the same, etc. For help in memorizing paragraphs or sentences, it helps to say them quickly. It can almost become 'automatic' when you do that.  Look these up when you get home, and write them on the card. Practice using them a few times in large, coherent sentences.  This is a great way to stretch your knowledge and 'expression' within the language. It's OK to look up some words (or phrases) while doing this. The point is to learn new ways of expressing yourself, new words, to become more precise in your expression, etc. And translating the words of a well-spoken writer is a great way to do that.  I.e. one that fits on 5-6 pages. It's much easier to learn one rule, with its exceptions, and apply it to everything, than it is to learn 2,000 different words independently. A good grammar summary will make those rules evident in a few words.  Most native speakers regard it as a high compliment when you go through the effort of learning their language appropriately. And it's always fun to see if they will think you are a native speaker or not. Having a good accent will make it much easier for them to understand you. And to have a good accent, listen to good speakers a lot (i.e. on the radio,) and say sentences over and over again, with a relaxed mouth and tongue. When a language (accent) is spoken correctly, it's easy, the mouth is relaxed, and it is not forced.  A language isn't learned by memorizing word lists and testing yourself on them. It is learned by speaking the language, becoming fluent with it, as you would a piano, or other instrument.	Have a basic concept of how the words are pronounced. Read the language aloud , and repeat what you hear on TV, tapes, etc. Memorize sentences and paragraphs or more, to get a 'feel' for the grammar, word ordering, etc. Carry around a 3x5 (or 4x6) index card, and write down words that you wanted to say throughout the day, but didn't know how to. Practice translating paragraphs from a book into the language you're learning. Find a good grammar summary of the language. Practice your accent. Practice speaking.
Having a good sense of humor is also a good way to attract women and be a chick magnet. However, you don’t want to be a clown. Instead, find the right mix of humor and seriousness that will let women know you’re fun and easy to be around, but are also strong and serious.   Tell a joke every once in a while. Avoid being funny all the time. Don’t make it your goal to make people laugh. Use humor to fill potentially awkward silences or to break the ice with a girl. Make sure your humor is always appropriate for the setting. For instance, don’t joke about death at a funeral or a wedding.; , Work on being approachable and easy to talk to. Often people who are shy turn girls off, for they appear boring and uninteresting. Instead, be approachable so people can sense that you're engaged and open to new relationships.   Don’t be afraid to chit chat. Be friendly and talk to people. Look well-adjusted and happy. In order for girls to approach you, they need to sense that you’re a well-adjusted and happy person. As a result, try to smile and respond to people in a positive way. Smile and look at girls in an inviting way. Make sure you make eye contact with girls in a positive way. However, don’t be creepy and don’t stalk them with your eyes. Just let them know that you’re friendly and interested. Let others know you like to have a good time. Show others that you are interested in having fun. If girls know that you’re into having a good time, they’ll likely gravitate to you., To be a chick magnet, you need to constantly show respect to the women and girls around you. Respect speaks volumes. Women who know you respect them will want to be around you.   Show respect to the girls and women around you. Don't speak for them, assume you know what they want, or bully or push them into doing something they don't want to do. As for all people you come in contact with, you should respect their opinions, listen to them, and engage them as equals. Show respect to everyone around you. Be polite to women and to everyone you come into contact with, not just women you want to date. Women and girls can tell when you're faking it to impress them, and most of them will not be attracted to a guy who is disrespectful of anyone.  For many women, maturity is an extremely attractive quality. By acting mature, you'll show the girls around you that you stand out in front of the rest of the guys they know.   Don’t goof off with your friends in front of girls. Don’t act out at school to get attention, if you go to school. If a girl shoots you down, politely thank her for her time and move on. Nothing is less appealing to other girls than a person who can’t take rejection. Letting a rejection roll of your back with ease will show everyone around you how confident you really are. Do your work and do it diligently. Success is an important part of being mature. Women often gravitate toward successful people., When people perceive you as someone who is relaxed and does not get excited over small things, they’ll likely see you as someone worth being around. Because of this, you should act as cool and calm as you can. This will compliment your confident demeanor and help you attract women.   When you’re meeting a girl, don’t show that you are anxious about the details like what or where you are going to meet up. While it’s okay to be clear and direct about important details, don’t show that you are anxious about them. Avoid acting over-excited about getting a date with a girl or anything similar. If you show you are over-excited, you may seem desperate. Don’t let your emotions get the better of you. Always act calm and cool, even if you’re excited about something., Avoid vulgarity at all times. When you're vulgar you demonstrate that you lack class and don't respect the people around you. Consider the following:   Don’t curse. Avoid saying inappropriate things. For instance, don’t joke about sex or sexual relations. This could be a major turn off. Never make inappropriate gestures to your friends or to anyone else., Even though you want to let all of the girls know how cool you are, bragging or boasting may undermine your entire game. Bragging or boasting might turn girls off. It might also signal to some people that you are actually insecure about yourself or your position.   Let your coolness or ability speak for itself. If you’re super awesome, people will talk about how you are super awesome. Invite girls to events you take part in, rather than bragging about them. For instance, if you’re a star baseball player, invite them to your game. While it may be okay to talk a little about the cool things you’re doing, you’ve done, or other achievements, never go into detail and just mention them briefly., Perhaps the most important part of being a chick magnet is exuding confidence. Confidence helps draw people to you. This goes for women, too.   Tell yourself that you are a competent, capable, and attractive person. Trust in this and trust in yourself. Non-confident people tend to make other people question themselves. , Thinking positively will not only help you build confidence, but it will also help you create a positive mind frame that others can sense. Such a mindset will give you motivation and put you in the right place to gain the attention of girls.   Thinking positively will translate into being positive to other people. Positive people are more fun to be around. Focus on the good in everything. If something bad happens to you at school or at work, like you receive a poor grade or you are passed over for promotion, try to find good in it. View it as a learning experience. Others will see this and may be impressed., Staying focused on your goal of being a chick magnet is very important. If you lose focus, you’ll likely make a bunch of mistakes that will undermine your ultimate goal of attracting women. Make sure you:   Don’t lose your cool if you’re angry or frustrated. Don't treat anyone with disrespect, especially girls or women. Your reputation will affect how other girls view you. Get in the habit of having a chick magnet-related routine. Make sure you do the same stuff every day to prepare yourself for the world and for meeting women. Allocate enough time for grooming, for exercising, and for everything else you need to do.  An important element of being a chick magnet is positive body language and good posture. Positive body language and good posture will show women that you are confident, put together, and approachable. It may also put people at ease when they are around you.   Smile when appropriate. Avoid crossing your arms. Never walk or stand slumped over. Your shoulders should be high and chest should be out a little bit., One great way to be a chick magnet is to make sure you are in shape, attractive, and appealing to women. While you don’t have to have six-pack abs or giant muscles, you should try to be relatively fit and healthy.   Consider toning up. Toning up your body might be a little work, but it will pay off. Try some light weight training and a cardio activity like running or swimming. Don’t go overboard on the weight lifting or muscle building. Many women are intimidated or turned off by a person that is completely ripped. Watch what you eat. Make sure you don’t overeat. Overeating may cause you to pack on the pounds and ruin your chance of being a chick magnet., When dressing, you should be comfortable yet look sharp. This is important because comfort will make you appear confident and laid back, but looking sharp will let girls know that you are put together and conscious of your appearance.   There's no need to put on a fancy outfit that doesn't feel like you at all. Instead, try to build a wardrobe of decent clothes that feel comfortable. Girls will swerve to avoid slobs, so make sure your comfort does not trump looking sharp. If you’re comfortable in jeans and a t-shirt, this is fine. Just make sure that your clothes are clean and free from stains or unintentional rips or tears. Avoid wearing the same shirt you already wore a few days ago. While you may think no one notices, some girls do., While comfort and sharpness is important, you also need to wear clothes that look good on you. Put a good bit of thought into this before changing your wardrobe.   Avoid clothes that are either too small on you or too big on you. Clothes that are too large are especially dangerous, as you might look slobby or larger than you actually are. Choose shirts that complement your figure and skin tone. If you’re not really trim or built like an athlete, avoid clothes that are too tight. They may not be flattering. Try clothes that compliment your hair and eye color. If you’ve got green or blue eyes, wearing other green or blue might draw those colors out. This might help attract women. If you're wearing a shirt that is supposed to be tucked in, tuck it in. Leaving the shirt untucked will make you look sloppy, but tucking it in too much will give you a not-so-cool appearance. Make sure you pull your shirt out just a little bit so it hangs over your belt a little bit., Keeping good physical hygiene is key in being a chick magnet. If you’re unhygienic, this will probably turn girls off. As a result, make sure you always clean and groom yourself appropriately.   Shower every day. Make sure to use soap and shampoo. It will leave you smelling and looking clean. Also, make sure to wash behind your ears. Brush your teeth twice a day (or after meals). Brushing your teeth regularly will help ensure you’ve got white teeth and good breath. It will also help prevent tooth decay and gum disease. Use deodorant. Shave and/or trim your facial hair. Treat acne or skin problems appropriately. Trim your nose hairs.	Have a sense of humor, but don’t be a clown. Be approachable. Show respect. Act mature. Show everyone you are relaxed. Avoid vulgarity. Keep yourself from bragging or boasting. Have confidence in yourself. Think positively. Stay focused on your goal. Have positive body language and good posture. Get in shape. Wear what you're comfortable with, but look sharp. Pick clothes that look good on you. Keep good physical hygiene.
This can be inside a stable or just a small standalone stall.; , Add some torn up paper on the ground to make it comfortable. Or, if you have access to real straw, cut into small pieces and add that to the ground.  The space you provide for the horse to roam in will depend on how much play space you can devote to the horse. Try to match the space to the horse's size, as larger horses will need more space than ponies, for example. The following sizes are just suggestions, it's your imagination, so make the sizes whatever works for you:   If you are adopting a Shetland pony, you won't need more than a 1 foot (0.3 m) X 2 feet (0.6 m) paddock (with shelter included). If you are buying a Clydesdale or draft, you should have at least a 3 feet (0.9 m) X 2 feet (0.6 m) paddock with the shelter. Use large pieces of cardboard painted green to represent fields or paddocks. You can also take the horses outside, just be sure to give your toys a good clean after being outdoors.  Make a feed bucket from a tube lid or use a toy bucket. Use a small container for water.  This is especially important for the colder seasons. You can make one from fleece or blanket fabric, or just cut up scrap cloth or old clothes. Use blanket stitch to hem the edges and prevent them from fraying.  This might include a rope bridle, a saddle, new horseshoes, etc. Don't forget to put the grooming gear together too, as you'll want to groom the new horse after getting him.   You can make items from paper, ribbon, string, etc. Use your imagination and save some money.  If you'd like to brush and groom the horse, find small brushes, a bucket, and other grooming gear for the collection. A halter would be useful for this too, to tie the horse up while it is being groomed., Tell the other horses what his name is and get them all acquainted.   If he seems nervous, put him in his personal stall for a while. Put him in his stall if he acts aggressively towards your existing horses. Reward him with a treat for being patient.  He has traveled from the store to your house and needs freshening up. It's a good time to bond too. Use this time to notice any special markings or features of your new horse.    If he has never been ridden, get him used to the saddle by gently applying pressure to his back, but if he has been broken in he should be fine.  Take him riding, jumping and practicing moves. Spend time talking to him and grooming him.	Create a stall just for the new horse. Make the stall comfortable. Prepare the paddock or field space. Make feeding and watering items. Prepare a horse blanket. Prepare any riding gear and tack you wish your new horse to have. Have grooming gear for the horse. Introduce the horse to the other horses already in your stable. Groom your new horse. Let him settle before putting a doll on to ride him. Care for your new horse just as you care for all the other horses.
If you are having sexual problems, you may want to go see a doctor. Many sexual disorders have an underlying medical cause. If you know the reason why you have a sexual disorder, you can bring this to your partner’s attention.Your doctor may perform a physical exam or additional tests to determine the underlying problem. Your doctor may also send you to a specialist or give you a referral to a sex therapist who can help you determine any causes for your sexual problems.For example, diabetes can lead to sexual problems in both males and females. You may want to ask your doctor for suggestions on how to work on the sexual problems at home.; , There are various different sexual disorders that people can have. These disorders also vary depending on your gender. Men and women face different sexual problems which may specifically deal with their genitalia, or may have a mental or psychological disorder that affects the normal function of their sexual organs. Being able to tell your partner what your problem is can help you both figure out a way to deal with it.    Erectile dysfunction is a common sexual disorder for men. Men who have erectile dysfunction have trouble getting and maintaining erections.Men may also face premature, delayed, or inhibited ejaculation. Men can also face a low libido, leading to less interest in sex.Women can face desire disorders (where they may not be interested in or have less desire for sex), arousal disorders (where they don’t feel arousal), orgasmic disorders (where they have trouble having orgasms or feel pain during an orgasm), or sexual pain disorders, where they feel pain during or after sexual intercourse.Aging and hormonal changes, including a reduction in estrogen in women and testosterone in men, can lead to sexual problems.Menopause in women can cause sexual problems, such as lack of lubrication.Stress, anxiety, and depression can lead to sexual disorders.  Sex addiction is another sexual disorder., One good way to prepare for talking to your partner about your sexual disorder is to write down your thoughts. When you get face-to-face with your partner, you may get embarrassed, frustrated, or upset, which may interfere with your thoughts. Prepare ahead of time so you know what you want to say.You can write down your thoughts onto a piece of paper you have with you when you talk to your partner. You may want to write out complete sentences or just list bullet points with ideas so you are reminded of points you wanted to make. You may want to practice out loud what you want to say so it’s easier for you when you get in front of your partner.  Because you know you have a sexual disorder, you may have been pulling away from your partner or have stopped wanting to have have sex. This may lead your partner confused and hurt. Before you talk to your partner, think about how your actions may have been perceived so you can think about ways to approach or reassure your partner.  Your partner may feel pushed aside, confused, and hurt because he or she doesn’t believe you feel attracted to him or her anymore. Your partner may have become self-conscious because he or she believes there is something wrong with his or her body that has caused you to stop being interested. Be prepared for your partner to think that you may be having an affair. Don’t get defensive, but be prepared to face the accusations.  You should do as much research about the sexual disorder as possible. Your partner may have a lot of questions or be unfamiliar with your problem. You should be able to provide your partner with information to help him or her understand what you are going through.You may want to compile a list of websites or books for your partner to consult so he or she can better understand what you are going through.  Where you decide to talk to your partner about your sexual disorder is important. You should probably refrain from discussing it in the bedroom because that is the place for intimacy and sex. Instead, talk about it on the couch so you both can be comfortable.Pick a time when you both have an open schedule so you can discuss the topic for as long as needed. You may need to tell your partner, “I have something very important to discuss with you. I would like to know a good time very soon where we can talk uninterrupted.”If you have children, see if you can get a grandparent or friend to watch them while you discuss this. You want the focus to be on your relationship, and you don’t want to be distracted.  You owe it to both yourself and your partner to be honest with him or her about your sexual disorder. Pretending everything is okay and faking orgasms or pleasure will only cause problems down the road. Opening up the lines of communication with your partner helps start to build intimacy between the two of you, which can help your sexual problems.The sooner you are honest with your partner, the better. Your partner may be upset with you if you have been lying or pretending for years. You may have to explain why you didn’t share your problem with him or her, which brings up trust issues.  Talking about sexual problems can be really embarrassing and cause guilt, shame, and feelings of self-doubt. When you talk to your partner, use phrases or words that make you comfortable. Tell your partner that you feel embarrassed and this is hard for you. Tell your partner you are uncomfortable. This helps you start to address your discomfort and to let your partner know he or she may need to be understanding and supportive.For example, you may say, “This is really embarrassing. I’m having sexual problems, and I’m not sure how to tell you” or “This is uncomfortable for me. My sexual problems are causing me physical discomfort while trying to figure out how to talk about this is causing me emotional discomfort.” You may also want to figure out what words you want to use to refer to your genitalia. You may may want to use the medical terms, like vagina or penis, or you may feel more comfortable using slang terms. Use whichever terms make you feel comfortable discussing it.  More than likely, your partner will be unfamiliar with your sexual disorder. You need to explain it in as much detail as you can to help your partner understand. You may thinks the name of the disorder is obvious, but your partner may be confused about what that means or how it affects you specifically.   If your partner is a different gender, you may need to explain carefully and in detail your sexual problems. For example, if you have erectile dysfunction, your female partner may not understand how you are unable to get an erection. If you have a female lubrication problem, your male partner may not understand what that means and why that causes pain. If you have a partner of the same gender, you will probably still need to explain how your body is reacting and what is happening to you. A man who has never faced ED may not understand your experience, and a woman who has no problem with lubrication may be confused about what is happening to you. Don’t assume your partner will understand just because he or she has the same genitalia as you. Don’t be embarrassed. Remember, most sexual disorders are manageable, especially with open communication with your partner.  Make sure to tell your partner that it is not an issue with him or her, but you. Tell your partner that you still find him or her attractive and desirable and that you do not want anyone else. Emphasize that you still love your partner very much. Your partner may start blaming himself or herself for the sexual problem, so you need to make sure he or she understands that he or she is not the source.Tell your partner that you came to him or her because you love him or her, that you want to regain the sex life you both used to have, and you want his or her help with this problem.  Sexual disorders can be difficult problems to face. They may leave you feeling like less of a man or woman, less desirable, or with lower self-worth. You may feel anxiety or depression due to the sexual disorder. Share this with your partner and tell him or her that you need to know that he or she is on your side and still loves you.Knowing that your partner supports you and will help you overcome your sexual disorder can be a tremendous help. Many times, sexual disorders can be addressed in the bedroom with understanding and attentive partners who are willing to provide the physical and emotional support needed to address and fight the sexual disorder.  Make sure to separate love and sex for both you and your partner. Just because you are having sexual problems doesn’t mean you don’t still love one another. Some people equate sexual frustration or the inability of his or her partner to perform sexually with a failure on his or her part. Make sure you separate love and sex when you discuss this with your partner.Remind your partner that it is not his or her fault. Neither of you are at fault. Seventy percent of couples face sexual problems at some point in their relationship. Holding on to the love you feel for each other as you address the sexual issues can help you successfully overcome the sexual disorder.  You should tell your partner about medical treatment options for your sexual disorder. This includes medication and any other treatments you can get from a doctor or psychiatrist. Ask your partner to support you as you undergo medical treatments.   Treatment for an underlying mental condition, like anxiety or depression, may be required. A psychiatrist may prescribe antidepressants or anti-anxiety medication.A doctor may prescribe hormone shots, pills, or creams if the disorder is caused by a hormone deficiency.Your doctor may medically treat an underlying medical condition, such as diabetes or a thyroid condition. This may include medication. Women with sexual disorders can take medicine, such as flibanserin, which is supposed to help combat low sexual desire. Women can also undergo estrogen or androgen therapy to help with low libidos or arousal disorders.If you have erectile dysfunction, doctors often prescribe medications like Avanafil, Sildenafil, Tadalafil, and Vardenafil.For premature ejaculation, there is a spray called Promescent that can be used to help reduce sensitivity. Some doctors may prescribe SSRIs, such as Zoloft or Paxil.Your doctor may also suggest aids, such as vacuums, penile implants, or dilators., Sometimes, taking a break from sex can be a good way to address your sexual disorder. Instead of worrying about sex, you and your partner can focus on emotional intimacy. Many sexual disorders occur because of various emotions or stressors that end up affecting the couple’s sex life. Focusing on the relationship can help you strengthen your connection, which can lead to improved sex.For example, you may want to go for walks together, go to dinner, or do other activities. You may want to spend an entire evening talking to one another. You also may want to spend time touching in non-sexual ways, such as holding hands, holding one another, and kissing for the sake of kissing.  You may have relationship problems because of the sexual disorder. You and your partner may have had some misunderstandings because of your actions, and you may have developed trust issues. There may be outside stressors that are affecting your relationship. You should work on these issues with your partner to move your relationship past this small bump in the road.Clearing up relationship problems can help lead the way to improved sex. Removing miscommunication, anxieties, and any underlying anger or feelings of resentment can make it easier to feel closer and intimate with your partner.  You may decide to go see a sex therapist or couples counselor. Going to see a therapist or counselor doesn’t mean that something is wrong with your relationship. Sexual disorders can cause a strain on both partners and the relationship. A sex therapist may help you learn how to build intimacy and work on techniques to address the disorder, while a couples counselor may be able to help you work through any relationship issues that have arisen due to the disorder.If your partner suggests going to counseling, don’t get angry. See it as a way your partner is trying to support you and work on your relationship. Don’t get discouraged if you want to go to counseling but your partner doesn’t. You can search the internet for certified sex therapists and couples counselors in your area. You may also talk to your doctor or specialists about a referral.  One way you can help boost your sexual function is to spend more time focusing on foreplay instead of heading straight for intercourse. Foreplay helps both partners enjoy the experience more. Foreplay can help a woman feel aroused and help a man get an erection.Foreplay includes a lot of different things. Take time to explore each other’s bodies and focus on your partner’s pleasure. Don’t rush towards orgasm. Slow down the sexual experience, which can help you overcome your sexual disorder. During foreplay, you may want to use your hands and your mouth. Try touching different parts of the body, not just the penis or vagina. Make the foreplay experience an emotionally intimate experience as well as a physical one. Lack of stimulation before intercourse can lead to problems such as a reduced level of arousal, inability to get or hold an erection, lack of lubrication, and inability to reach orgasm. Some people may need some sort of stimulation for up to an hour before they are ready for intercourse.  Due to your sexual disorder, you and your partner may need some extra help. That’s fine. For women who have trouble with lubrication or painful sex, consider using lubricants or vaginal creams to help with dryness.Use toys to help enhance your sexual experience. Sexual toys may help increase stimulation during foreplay. You can use vibrating toys to stimulate the clitoris to help with female arousal problems, while the vibration may help a man get and maintain an erection. You may also want to try an erotic video or erotic literature. Watch the video together or read the literature to each other to help increase your physical and emotional intimacy., Some people have never been open or honest about what they like during sex. Take this time to tell your partner what you like or don’t like during sex. Talk about things you’d like to try and experiment with. Try to be as specific as possible for your partner. Consider showing your partner what you like, or walking him or her through what to do for you.  Men who experience erectile problems or women who have trouble getting aroused may need more manual stimulation than his or her partner. Tell your partner that you need this so he or she knows how to help you during sex.Remember to keep your words focused on your and not your partner. Don’t accuse your partner of not satisfying you. Instead, say things like, “I really like when you touch my hair” or “My breasts are really sensitive. I would like you to touch them more.”  , Sometimes, couples get in a rut. They just do the same thing, and that doesn’t lead to arousal or desire anymore. If this is the case for you and your partner, try experimenting. You may want to try different positions, participate in role play, or share fantasies that you both can act out.For women who experience pain during sex, trying new positions may help make intercourse a more pleasurable experience. For example, try being on top so you can control the movement and position. When talking about role play or fantasies, make sure to remember that each partner may not feel comfortable with everything. You want to try new things your partner wants to try, but don’t feel bad if there are things your partner suggests that you are not willing to do. Find a compromise on both sides where you both willingly engage in situations and fantasies your partner wants to try while still being comfortable.	Go see a doctor. Determine your specific sexual disorder. Write down your thoughts. Think about how your partner may feel because of your behavior. Educate yourself. Choose the right time and place. Be honest with your partner. Use language you are comfortable with. Explain your disorder to your partner. Reassure your partner. Admit to your partner that you need him or her. Refrain from equating love and sex as the same thing. Discuss medical treatment options. Focus on intimacy. Work on any relationship problems. Try going to therapy together. Spend time experiencing foreplay. Bring extra products into the bedroom. Tell your partner what you like or need. Experiment during sex.
When you receive an invitation to a party, whether it's a dinner party or an informal get-together, it's simple courtesy to let your host know whether you will be attending. This is particularly important for a dinner party, where they will need to know how many to cook for. A good host will have issued the invitations well in advance and may have given you a date by which to respond. You should always respond before this date, whether you can attend or not. If the invitation doesn't include an RSVP date you should still give a response.; , Your host will have told you what time to arrive. It is polite to arrive between 10 and 15 minutes before this time. This will allow your host an extra few minutes to make sure they are ready before guests arrive. You should always arrive early, particularly for a dinner party, so you can assist the host/hostess if they need it.  A party is only as much fun as the people who attend. You should do your best to join in wherever possible. Make conversation, get to know the other guests, and have fun. If the host has planned some games or other events, take part.  Casual drinking may help the guests relax and become sociable, but keep track of your consumption. DO NOT DRINK AND DRIVE.  If the invitation stated a time for the party to finish, you should offer to help with cleanup at that time and if the host declines you should thank them and bid them good night. You don't know what else your host has planned - they may have a busy day the next day, or may simply be exhausted from the party and want to sleep. Of course they may be enjoying the party and want it to continue, in which case they should make it clear to you that they want you to stay.  After your host has gone to all the trouble of putting a party together, the least you can do is express your gratitude. This will let your host know that someone appreciated their efforts. For a drinks party or informal gathering, a simple phone call will do the job perfectly. For a more formal dinner party, it's polite to send a postcard or short letter. If you've stayed for the weekend, you should send a letter.  Use judgment.	RSVP. Arrange the arrival. Join in. Drink responsibly. Don't outstay your welcome. Say thank you. If you are in your late teens to early twenties and at a party with the same age group, you should still act courteously but may be less formal.
One of the hardest things about spreading God's good news is gathering the courage to do it. However, if you pray then it only requires you to truly want courage to receive it. If you pray with one or more other Christians things will be even easier.; , Don't think 'I'll just get persecuted.' or 'They'll think I'm weird', etc or you'll never get anywhere! Even if people strongly believe another religion, try to tell them of the word.  No matter how hard it is to make them believe in Jesus, if you try hard enough and pray hard enough, it will be done.  Don't tell just a few people of the good news, tell everyone you meet.  How can you persuade others if you are not armed with righteousness and the sword of the spirit (The Holy Bible)?  , You can use emails, letters, organize parties and tell the guests, at work/school, sleepovers, online gaming chat rooms, websites or anything else you can think of.  If you raise funds for a charity, give money to children, pick up litter  etc, then people will know that you are a good person and you can tell them that you are representing God. If you really devote yourself 24/7 to the lord, you show people how much you believe.	Pray for courage. Be bold. Be persistent!, Tell everyone around you, then everyone else. Read the Bible and obey God. Search for ways to spread the word. Make examples.
We all have egos, and sometimes they get over-inflated. It’s part of human nature to believe others perceive us the same way that we do and that they want to be like us. This may not be the case. Ask your other friends to see if they’ve noticed copying. If they haven’t noticed anything, drop it. If it becomes a more serious situation, they’ll bring it up.; , Reframe the situation: instead of thinking of your friend as copying you, you could take it as your friend admiring your good judgment and taste. Maybe they simply need someone to look up to—especially if they’ve just lost one—and they’ve chosen you. While it might be annoying, it may be a temporary thing. Don’t be too quick to react on this situation because it may result in the loss of a friend., While copying can feel a bit like identity theft, there might be something else bothering you. If this other problem is being projected onto the copying problem, the copying problem seems worse than it truly is. If something else is bothering you, don’t take it out on your friend. Let them have their moment and focus on yourself. Just because they wore the same color shirt as you did to school, or said they had the same favorite meal, doesn’t make them a copier.  Discuss it with them. They might not even realize that they’re copying you. Sit down with them and make sure they’re aware of it and divulge into potential reasons for it. Don’t attack them, make it a discussion.   ”Did you notice that we’ve been matching a lot lately?”  If they say no, give them examples.   ”Do you think it’s funny that we always end up doing the same thing?” ”Why do you think these things happen?”  , Ask them how they describe their style or personality. If they have trouble doing so, it’ll help them see that they’ve been copying you. Remember, it’s likely there will be similarities between you—that’s why you’re friends—but they should also have some original ideas.   ”The whole point of clothes is to highlight your own unique style, how do you think you’d describe your style.” ”How do you see yourself?”  , Give them examples of things they’ve thought of on their own that you liked. Show them that they also have good, original ideas. Be vague when you do this, so that you don’t give away all of your preferences., This is going to be the turning point to make them stop copying you. Once you make them aware of the situation, you need to let them carry the conversation. This will show them that they have the ability to form their own ideas and that will carry over into whatever aspect of life they’ve been copying from you.  If they’ve been copying your outfits, go through their closet with them. Have them create outfits without your help and point out good things about them. If they’ve been copying the way you act, leave it to them to make the first move and agree with whatever they choose. Give them confidence in their decision-making, and they’ll be less likely to copy you., If they truly seem to have difficulty understanding that they’re copying you, don’t tell them your plans. Secrets are never good for a friendship, but you may have to keep some so that they make choices for themselves. Make them decide on upcoming plans and purchases. Don’t give them an answer about where you want to go or what you want to do. Let them do it.  Continue to point out what you like about their style or ideas. Keep in mind that people that copy chronically typical suffer from extreme insecurity. They have low self-esteem. Get your mutual friends in on it to help build their confidence. Support them in every choice they make, even if it seems over the top. This will help them become a confident, independent person., This is an easy way to build self-esteem. When you do something you enjoy doing, it’s something that gives you comfort and confidence. Help your friend do something they like to do every single day.	Figure out if they’re actually copying you. Think about how big of a problem it is. Consider if something else is bothering you. Ask them about it. Talk about their originality. Point out what you like about them. Let them talk. Help them discover their uniqueness. Force them to do their own thing. Build their confidence. Make sure they do things they like to do.
Your doctor should be able to offer advice on whether or not you require chlorophyll supplementation. In some cases, chlorophyll supplements should be avoided. For example, since there has been a lack of safety research on chlorophyll supplements, pregnant women should avoid commercial supplements.If your doctor advises against supplementation, you can still get your chlorophyll from natural sources such as kale, spinach or broccoli.In fact, eating green vegetables daily is a much better way to get chlorophyll into your diet along with fiber and other nutrients. Keep in mind that chlorophyll supplements may not be recommended if you are taking other medications or if you are pregnant or nursing. Check with your doctor to be sure.; , If you are unable to get enough chlorophyll from vegetables, you could use a supplement. Chlorophyll supplements can give you a boost of energy, as well as provide a number of potential health benefits. You can find chlorophyll supplements at most health food stories. Ask the health food clerk which brands are reputable. If there are no health food stores nearby, shop online.You can get chlorophyll supplements in a variety of combinations, including with papaya, spirulina and green mixes containing a variety of other vitamins and minerals. Chlorophyll supplements cost between $15 and $70. Also, keep in mind that the FDA does not regulate supplements. Check the label for other indicators of quality, such as a USP label.  You can get chlorophyll supplements in a variety of forms, including tablets and liquids. If you choose the liquid form, you squirt a few drops in a glass of water. It will get very green and tastes slightly minty and a little bitter. If you choose the tablet form, you don’t have to worry about the strong taste. Follow the dosage recommendations on the label, or as directed by your naturopath or doctor., Taking the supplement orally may give you a green tongue or green feces. If you apply it topically to treat a wound, it may lead to a mild burning sensation or itching. If you take a lot of the supplement and in unusual situations, rare side effects include diarrhea and abdominal cramps.Seek a doctor if you experience rare side effects.  Many juice stores sell chlorophyll water, which is water with some liquid chlorophyll. If you are on the run and forgot to take your chlorophyll supplement in the morning, you could pick up some chlorophyll water from a juice stand.	Talk to your doctor before starting chlorophyll supplements. Shop for chlorophyll supplements. Choose a supplement form. Recognize side effects of chlorophyll supplementation. Buy chlorophyll water.
Papillons have a long, silky coat that needs brushing every day. Brush your dog’s coat by using a slicker brush to remove tangles. Once the tangles are removed, brush your Papillon’s coat with a bristle brush, and finish by combing its hair.Before brushing the hair, spritz it with water or a leave-in conditioner. Brushing the hair while it is dry can damage it.Be sure to regularly trim the hair around your dog’s feet. Any hair growing out past the pads should be trimmed back. Use either scissors or an electric trimmer to trim the hair.; , The plaque and tartar build-up on a Papillon’s teeth can cause infections, rotted teeth, and disease. It is recommended that you brush your dog’s teeth every day. Use canine toothpaste, and either a small toothbrush designed specifically for small breeds, or a finger toothbrush.   Lift your dog’s lip. Then, place the toothbrush or your finger at the margin where the teeth and gum meet at a 45-degree angle. Slowly move the toothbrush in an oval motion. Gently force the bristle ends into the space between the teeth, and the area around the base of the tooth.Chew toys and dog chews also help with tartar control. However, they should not replace regular brushing.  Papillon’s nails grow pretty fast. It is time to trim its nails when you can hear the nails clacking on the floor as your Papillon walks, or once every 10 to 15 days. Since Papillon’s nails are so small, it is recommended that you use a grinder to trim its nails. Grinders are less stressful, as well.Take your dog’s paw and spread it gently. Remove any dirt and debris between the toes. Then, firmly, but gently, hold one toe. Take the nail grinder and lightly grind the tip of the nail. Papillon nails are small, so one quick “zip-zip” is all it takes to trim the nail.If you or your dog is extremely uncomfortable with nail cutting, you can always take your dog to the vet or a grooming service to have their nails clipped.  Because Papillon’s have a lot of hair in and around their ears, check their ears once a week for debris and wax build. If your Papillon’s inner ears appear dirty, dampen a cotton ball or piece of gauze with mineral oil, hydrogen peroxide, or a liquid cleaner especially formulated for dogs. Then wipe its ears.Fold your Papillon’s ear back and wipe away any wax and debris. Be careful not to push or rub the debris farther into your dog’s ear. Instead, lift the debris out of your dog’s ear. Try not to clean your dog’s ears too frequently, or deeply, as this can cause irritation or infection.	Brush their coat regularly. Clean their teeth every day. Clip their nails. Check their ears.
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 C). Spray a 10x15-inch jelly roll pan with cooking spray and set it aside. Wash 2 1/2 pounds of apples and peel them. Core the apples and cut them into thin slices. Place these in a large bowl.You should have about 7 cups of prepared apples.  Place all the filling ingredients into the large mixing bowl that has the sliced apples. Stir the filling ingredients with a spatula or spoon until the apples are completely coated. You'll need to add:2/3 cup (150 g) of granulated sugar 2/3 cup (80 g) of dried cranberries 1/4 cup (30 g)of all-purpose flour 1/2 teaspoon of ground cinnamon  , Thaw two sheets (one package) of puff pastry according to the manufacturer's instructions. Sprinkle a little flour on your work surface and unfold one sheet of the puff pastry. Use a rolling pin to roll the puff pastry into a 10x15-inch rectangle. Lay the rectangle in the bottom of your jelly roll pan. Roll out the other puff pastry into a rectangle and set it aside.You should roll the top puff pastry rectangle slightly larger so you can crimp the edges. Make it about 11x16-inches in size.  Spread the apple cranberry filling onto the puff pastry in your jelly roll pan. Use a spatula to spread it evenly across the pastry, but leave a 1-inch border around the edges. This will let you seal the top and bottom layers of puff pastry.If you spread the filling to the edges of the pan, you may have trouble sealing the pastry and the apple cranberry filling might bubble out of the pie.  Lay the second rectangle of puff pastry over the apple cranberry filling. Dip a pastry brush in a little milk and spread it along the pastry border. Fold the bottom puff pastry layer over the top pastry layer and crimp the edges together. Cut a few slits in the top of the pastry and brush it with more milk. You can sprinkle coarse sugar over the pastry for a slight crunch and decorative look.Ensure that the pastry layers are tightly sealed. This will keep the filling from bubbling out and burning.  Place the slab pie in the preheated oven and bake it for 50 to 55 minutes. The pie will be done cooking when the puff pastry puffs up and turns golden brown. You will also see the filling bubble up through the slits in the top.If the puff pastry starts to darken before the slab pie finishes cooking, you can lay a sheet of aluminum foil over the top during the last 15 minutes of baking.  Stir together all the icing ingredients in a small bowl. The icing should be loose enough for you to drizzle it over the warm slab pie. Let the slab pie cool and the icing will set up. For the icing, stir together:1 cup (125 g) of powdered sugar 1/2 teaspoon of vanilla 1 dash of salt 4 to 5 teaspoons of milk	Prepare the apples and turn on the oven. Mix the apple cranberry filling. Roll out the puff pastry. Spread the unbaked filling. Top the slab pie with more pastry. Bake the apple cranberry slab pie. Make icing and drizzle it over the pie.
