By . Guy Adams . When Mark Thomas and Rebecca Howe registered the birth of their daughter Casey at Birmingham’s City Hospital in Winson Green in 2011, they left the section for their occupations blank. Today, the information that was — or rather was not — on Casey’s outwardly unremarkable birth certificate is entirely relevant to a rapidly overheating national debate. Mr Thomas and Ms Howe, an unmarried couple, are now known to millions as ‘Mark and Becky’, the young, jobless couple whose lives and parenting skills dominated this week’s episode of the controversial Channel 4 show Benefits Street. Mark Thomas, 23 and Becky Howe, 23, pictured outside their house on James Turner Street . To the programme’s five million viewers, the duo’s apparent inability to identify what they actually do for a living will not have come as much of a surprise. For, as the narrator of Benefits Street has frequently reminded us, neither one of these suddenly notorious 23-year-olds has ever held down a full-time job. Instead, the couple raise Casey and her four-year-old brother, Callum, in an apparently chaotic household, on the combined proceeds of jobseekers’ allowance, child benefit and child tax credit. The show tells how they moved to James Turner Street, the Victorian terrace of 99 properties where the documentary was filmed, just over two years ago. Their rent has since been paid by the State. To cover the remainder of their living costs, they rely on government hand-outs which currently total around £250 a fortnight. Though the programme has provoked much controversy, wherever you stand it’s certainly hard to watch very much of Benefits Street without reflecting on how drastically things have changed since the Victorian terraces at its centre were built. Half a century after the welfare state was established to provide a temporary safety net for those unlucky enough to have fallen on hard times, its ethos has shifted, with benefits becoming a way of life for many. And if you want to appreciate the scale of that shift, you need only take a few tentative steps up Mark and Becky’s family tree. Birth, marriage and death records reveal that despite their own employment records, the couple both come from respectable working-class stock. Take Becky’s great-grandfathers, Alfred Leach and Percy Addison. In the early 20th century, they were, respectively, an electrician’s mate and a gamekeeper from Rugby in Warwickshire, according to local archives. Those living on the street of Victorian terraces have changed substantially over the years. Previously, most families held down respectable jobs for all their adult lives . Her grandfather, Bernard, born in 1933, was a carpenter, and her grandmother Irene worked for British Rail. Her late father, David, described himself as a chauffeur on her 1990 birth certificate. Becky appears to be the first generation of the Howe family to have fallen into the welfare trap. And they have fallen hard. Indeed, all three of her siblings are understood to have claimed some form of benefits. Mark’s family tree is similarly a tale of hard graft – until, that is, it reaches the modern era. This week, I met Derek and Jean Cleaver, a retired couple who live with their English bull terrier, Zulu, in a tidy former council house in Northfield, a suburb half an hour’s drive from central Birmingham. Derek and Jean, who are 81 and 76, have two children, 11 grandchildren and 13 great-grandchildren. They also happen to be Mark’s grandparents. The couple have lived in Birmingham their entire adult lives, and proudly tell how they both spent more than half a century in full-time employment. At times, each held down two jobs, in order to properly provide for their family. ‘We weren’t scroungers, and we always paid taxes, because that’s how I was brought up,’ Derek told me. ‘Jean was the same. She kept a full-time job until she was 72.’ The difference between Derek’s life and those of his grandchildren is, perhaps, an object lesson in some of the ways traditional working-class culture has been undermined by welfarism. Derek was the son of Jack Cleaver, a grocer’s assistant, who later became a chimney sweep, and Edith Cleaver, a housewife. He grew up with six brothers and three sisters in a small terraced house in Small Heath, just east of Birmingham city centre. As a child, before the War, he recalls going out to earn money sweeping snow with his siblings so the family could afford a turkey for Christmas dinner. In 1946, when he was 14, the family’s perilous finances forced him to leave school and take a job in the building trade. For 25 years, he worked long hours doing up Ansell’s pubs. After marrying Jean, and quickly finding himself with two daughters to feed, Derek took a second evening job, at a local cinema. ‘At the end of each day, I was exhausted,’ he says. ‘I used to leave home at half past seven in the morning and finish at half past four. Then I would go to the West End picture house and work as a doorman. I had two jobs, but we needed the money in those days.’ Circumstances didn’t improve until the Seventies, when Derek found work at the local British Leyland plant. ‘We were then able to afford to go to Rhyl for holidays,’ he recalls. ‘Sunny Rhyl every year. We would get a caravan. We didn’t have a lot, but we were happy.’ In the Eighties, they were able to purchase a council house. An officer walks the street. The Cleavers blame the government for giving residents money 'for doing nothing' Little wonder, given this relentless existence of labour, that Derek has nothing but contempt for what he sees as the ‘something for nothing’ culture propagated by aspects of the welfare state. ‘Kids today, they might say they want a job, but you never see them out and about actually looking for work. ‘Why should they, when the Government will give them money for doing nothing? At half past seven in the morning, they’re all in bed.’ Jean, the daughter of a ‘general labourer’ from Yardley, is also a grafter. She began work in a local factory aged 15, then after getting married took a job on the tills at Woolworths. She briefly quit work after giving birth to two daughters, Mandy (who is Mark’s mother) and Wendy, in the early Sixties, before returning to the grindstone after being offered night shifts in a Birmingham printing factory. ‘I used to work at night, so my mother would stay over and look after the girls for me,’ Jean recalls. ‘When she retired, I was able to change to day shifts.’ Jean took a full-time job at an amusement arcade where she remained for the rest of her working life. In later years, it gave her a unique insight into what she sees as the endemic abuse of welfare. ‘Every day, you’d see these people. They’re not disabled, but they are collecting disabled benefits, and bring the money right in and pour it into the slot machines. ‘Others would come into the arcade: they’re unemployed, but they aren’t looking for a job, they’re spending four or five hours a day at machines.’ Little wonder, then, that Derek and Jean raised their daughters to be similarly industrious. Mandy worked on the tills of a local supermarket as a teenager, before getting a job in a fish shop. She married a carpenter, Mark Thomas Snr. Mark Snr and Mandy had three children, but divorced shortly after the birth of a son in 1990. That son is the Mark Thomas who is at the centre of Benefits Street; he was raised largely by a stepfather, Craig Messer. Given their views on the virtues of hard work, not to mention the state of the welfare system, you might expect Derek and Jean to be deeply upset by the grandson who has emerged from the first three episodes of Benefits Street. But they say there is an important fact missing from Channel 4’s portrayal of Mark and Becky. It emerges that the couple both suffer from learning difficulties. Indeed, they first met as teenagers when they attended the Selly Oak Trust School, which describes itself as being a ‘specialist’ establishment ‘for unique students with special educational needs’. Mark, who admitted fiddling his benefits on the show, is led from his house by a police officer. His grandparents say the man claims as he suffers from learning difficulties . Their condition, which was not mentioned on Monday’s programme, goes some way towards explaining aspects of the couple’s parenting technique, which prompted widespread derision after the show aired. ‘The show presents him as a scrounger,’ says Jean, ‘without explaining why he has found it hard to get work. I know, because I know Mark, that he’s tried and tried to get a job. If someone offered him work, he’d start tomorrow.’ Asked why they failed to mention Mark and Becky’s learning difficulty during the programme, Channel 4 said last night that it was satisfied the couple had made an ‘informed decision’ about appearing in the show. ‘As with all the residents featured, if they wanted filming to stop at any point, it did,’ the channel said. All of which leaves Derek cold. ‘I hate people who want something for nothing. Who doesn’t? But that’s not my grandson. He has been mistreated here.’ Special pleading by a loving grandfather? Or do Derek’s words reveal a certain cynicism at the heart of the series — and perhaps a deeper problem in the welfare state, which offers handouts to people like Mark and Becky rather than helping them rise above their problems and enter the world of work and self-reliance. There’s no doubt this series has generated shockwaves. The question is whether they will help produce any meaningful social change — and see the residents of Benefits Street rediscovering the work ethic which was second nature to their grandparents.	Mark and Becky are a young, jobless couple on the controversial show . They rely on the state to bring up their young daughter Casey . Couple's grandparents all worked hard throughout their adult lives . Their family say the couple both suffer from learning difficulties - a fact left out of the show .
By . Sarah Griffiths . For centuries the Church has largely depicted the crucifixion of Christ with his arms outstretched horizontally on a cross. But scientists believe that death by crucifixion may have been even crueller, and that a victim’s arms were probably nailed above their head. An international team studying the Shroud of Turin, which appears to depict a man who was put to death by crucifixion, said that no matter who created it, the artefact suggests that the practice involved a victim who was suspended in a Y-shape. Scroll down for video . Unshrouded? An international team of scientists studying the Shroud of Turin (pictured), which appears to depict a man who was put to death by crucifixion, said that whoever created it suggests that the practice involved a victim being suspended in a Y-shape. They came to this conclusion after studying lines of 'blood' down the arms, which can be seen in this image . The Shroud is a 14ft (4.3 metre) long piece of linen that appears to show the faint imprint of a man bearing wounds consistent with crucifixion. Some people believe it shows the image of Jesus of Nazareth, while others think it is a medieval forgery of cloth wrapped around a body after crucifixion. The Shroud is the most studied artefact in human history but its age remains in dispute. Radiocarbon dating of the cloth carried out by the University of Oxford in 1998 found it was only 728 years old. But a recent study claims that an earthquake in Jerusalem in 33AD that could have created the image and skewed dating results. Professor Alberto Carpinteri, from the Politecnico di Torino, said: 'We believe it is possible that neutron emissions by earthquakes could have induced the image formation on the Shroud's linen fibres, through thermal neutron capture on nitrogen nuclei, and could also have caused a wrong radiocarbon dating,' The Telegraph reported. The Shroud has attracted widespread interest ever since Secondo Pia took the first photograph of it in 1898 which showed details which could not be seen by the naked eye. The Vatican has never said whether it believes the shroud to be authentic. The Shroud of Turin is the most studied artefact in history and opinion is divided as to whether it was created in medieval times as a kind of hoax or whether it really shows the face of Jesus of Nazareth, as some believe. Whatever the case, the linen cloth, which is imprinted with the faint image of a naked man, seems to show lines of blood that have streamed down his arms as well as other wounds. Regardless of whether the Shroud is Biblical or medieval, Matteo Borrini at Liverpool John Moores University told New Scientist that ‘it’s a very interesting piece of art and human ingenuity’. He set out to find whether the ‘bloodstains’ on the left arm matched up with the flow of blood from a crucified person. To investigate, another researcher from . the University of Pavia, Italy, assumed different crucifixion poses . while donated blood trickled down his arm from a place where the shroud . shows a nail was hammered through the hand. The duo found that the ‘blood’ marks on . the shroud correspond to a crucifixion – but only if a person was nailed . onto a cross in a ‘Y’ position instead of a ‘T’ position, as depicted . in most Christian art. The scientists set out to find whether the 'bloodstains' on the Turin Shroud flow of blood from a crucified person.  By safely simulating different positions of crucifixion they worked out that the man wrapped in the legendary cloth must have been crucified in a Y-shape position, pictured right . The majority of Christian art shows Jesus stretched into a T-shaped position on the cross, such as this famous painting by Andrea Mantegna, which is housed in Musee du Louvre, Paris . Some artists have chosen to represent Jesus on the cross with his hands nailed above his head, such Jacob Jordaens' Crucificon scene (pictured left)  which was painted in the 17th Century, with other artists choosing to show Christ's arms in a shallow V-shape, like Diego Velazquez's image painted at around the same time . Dr Borrini said: ‘This would have been a very painful position and one which would have created difficulty breathing.’ It is thought that someone crucified in a ‘Y’ position would have died from asphyxiation. The imprint on the Shroud does not correspond with many traditional artistic images of crucifixion but Peter Paul Reubens - a 16th century Flemish painter - shows Jesus crucified in a Y-shape. His painting, 'Descent from the Cross' is pictured . He explained to a February meeting of the American Academy of Forensic Sciences in Seattle that similar positions were used in medieval torture, where victims were suspended from a beam from their wrists, which were tied with rope. So if the Shroud is indeed a medieval forgery, it may be an interpretation of contemporary practice, rather than that of Biblical times. The results of the experiment back up earlier work by a Massachusetts-based doctor called Gilbert Lavoie who suggested that the person depicted in the shroud was crucified in a Y-shape. In his study, Dr Lavoie said: ‘The blood-flow is absolutely consistent with what you see on the Shroud.' Danish doctor Niels Svensson, who has studied the Shroud, said: ‘The imprint on the Shroud does not correspond with many traditional artistic images of crucifixion.’ While the majority of Christian art shows Jesus stretched into a T-shaped position on the cross, some painters, including Peter Paul Rubens, depicted Christ with his arms above his head on the cross. Dr Borrini believes that the person who made the shroud must have been a skilled forger (if it is not 'real') to show the correct blood spatter for a crucifixion – or they stumbled across it by chance. ‘It could be that the artist just decided to draw the rivulets of blood parallel to the arms for artistic reasons,’ he said. In Roman times there was a common way to put people on the cross, Matteo Borrini told MailOnline. ‘The vertical stake was fixed to the soil in an area usually devoted to capital punishments, while the horizontal branch, called the patibulum, was carried on by the person who was to be crucified.’ ‘Theoretically this was the rule, but Roman historian Josephus (Giuseppe Flavio) reported how in  the war against Gerusalem  in 70 AD,Roman soldiers enjoyed crucifying prisoners on trees in the most painful and strange positions.’ Dr Borrini explained that there are only short passages of writing from ancient authors about crucifixion, probably because the technique was a well-known way to sentence someone to death – ‘but it was also a very infamous way to die.’ Dr Frederick Zugibe conducted ‘extensive suspension studies’ that explained the higher the upper limbs are, more painful the ‘Y’ position is. Dr Borrini said: ‘We can imagine that it became more difficult for the subject to breath, but this problem could be avoided or partially reduced allowing the prisoner to have a rest thanks to the sedile - a small step behind his pelvis - that could be used as a sort of chair. ‘We have some reports of cruciarii (victim of crucifixion) that stayed on the cross for some days and this could be related to the use of the sedile,’ he said. The reason for the procedure was likely not merciful but designed to prolong the pain of the victim and their exposure to the sun, as well as their humiliation ‘partially starving him but also creating muscular pain to him due to the uncomfortable position of upper and lower limbs’. If authorities wanted the victim’s death to be quicker, they might have positioned them in a high ‘Y’ position and broken their legs, which would have increased breathing difficulty and accelerated death, Dr Borrini explained. Dr Zugibe said in his research that this approach was a way to create a fatal shock in the prisoner. Brutal: In the experiment, a researcher from the University of Pavia, Italy, assumed different crucifixion poses while donated blood trickled down his arm from a place where the Shroud shows a nail was hammered through the man's hand (pictured)	The Shroud of Turin, which appears to show crucified man, suggests that the victim was suspended from a cross in a Y-shape, scientists claim . Researchers from Liverpool John Moores University and the University of Pavia, Italy, used donated blood to simulate blood trickling down arms . It is not known whether the Shroud is medieval or is older, but it could suggest that many artworks showing the death of Christ are inaccurate . Back to Mail Online home . Back to the page you came from .
Meeting Santa Claus is supposed to inspire a joyous time for festivities and present swapping with the family. But judging by the looks on these children's faces they're more likely to have a nightmare before Christmas. He's known as the kindly old man who always puts a smile on kids' faces whether they see him in the chimney, tucking into milk and biscuits, leaving presents under the tree or, as is more likely, down at the shopping mall. But when the parents of these children took their little ones to meet Father Christmas they had the fright of their lives sitting on the knee of ghoulish, gloved and sinister-looking Santas. Judging by the looks on these children's faces they're more likely to have a nightmare before Christmas . A surge of photographs showing frightening Father Christmases throughout the years have emerged on social media. The hilarious pictures have been posted online as parents around the country look for a Santa to take their children to in the run up to Christmas, showing how a wholesome, loveable character can easily look scary and disturb little children. Many of the wailing youngsters were probably wishing Father Christmas really didn't exist, as the one they're sitting with looks better placed in a horror film than meeting and greeting kids at a shopping centre. Some are wearing strange masks while others have wild hair and beards which make them look like they have been pulled through a hedge backwards. The images show how a wholesome, loveable character can easily look scary and disturb little children . The stare or grimace on the faces of some of the St. Nicks are enough to send a shiver down the bravest of spines. Many of the children sitting on their knees look worried, with some even bursting into tears and screaming for their parents. Some of the photographs go as fat back as the early 1900s, proving that Santa has always been a tricky one to pull off. They might make you think twice about taking your little ones down to the local grotto! Ever had a scary Santa moment? Send us your name, location and picture to femail@mailonline.co.uk . One too many? Santa looks hard done by (l) while another St. Nick has a sinister grin (r) The plastic faces are what make many of these Father Christmasses so terrifying . A couple of worries youngsters sit with a wide-awake Santa Claus (l) while another looks weary (r) What appears to be a pair of roller-skating Disney mice shake hands with a Father Christmas in PVC boots . The ghost of Christmas past? A ghoulish Santa from days gone by (l) and a red-faced, windswept St. Nick . Father Christmas' face is almost indistinguishable, as he sits with a nun, a clown and some children . An adult woman seems to be able to keep it together as she sits with a scary Santa (l) and a little one can't see what all the fuss is about . The most terrifying of all? A skinny Santa with dark bags under his eyes and a scraggly beard holds a child on a horse . Past it? An exhausted-looking Santa with a little girl (l) and a sweet Father Christmas is not so scary (r)	From screaming children to petrified faces, the images show how children react to meeting scary Father Christmas . Pictures have been shared online as parents look for the ideal Santa to take their children to meet . Show men dressed up in masks or with wild hair as children are pictured looking horrified .
By . Chris Pleasance . President Barack Obama has asked Congress for $500million to arm moderate Syrian rebels in the latest effort to tackle ISIS militants . President Barack Obama has asked Congress for $500million to arm and equip moderate rebel groups in Syria in the latest effort to combat the sudden rise of ISIS. Obama has previously been reluctant to arm rebel groups amid fears that weapons could fall into the wrong hands, but gains by ISIS militants in the past weeks now appear to trump those concerns. A lighting-fast offensive by ISIS saw the fundamentalist Islamic group seize huge swathes of territory in Iraq to add to the land it already controlled in Syria. The group now controls most of the country's northwest, including all border crossings with Syria, and is fighting in Fallujah, just 40 miles from capital Baghdad, prompting fears the country's security forces could be overrun. The train-and-equip mission would be overseen by the Pentagon and would mark a significant expansion of previous covert efforts to arm moderate rebels fighting both the extremists and forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar Assad. Moderate groups fighting in Syria include the Supreme Military Council of the Free Syrian Army, the Syrian Islamic Liberation Front, and the Islamic Front - though it is feared this group could collaborate with more extreme groups. Officials say the U.S. has grown increasingly confident in recent months about its ability to distinguish the moderate rebels from the more extremist elements that include the al-Qaida-inspired Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, or ISIS. White House spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden said the military assistance 'marks another step toward helping the Syrian people defend themselves against regime attacks, push back against the growing number of extremists like ISIS who find safe haven in the chaos, and take their future into their own hands by enhancing security and stability at local levels.' Obama has previously warned against arming rebel groups amid fears that weapons could fall into the wrong hands - however the security threat from ISIS now appears to trump those concerns . The president's cautious approach to Syria has come under increased criticism as the civil war, now in its fourth year, spills across the border into Iraq, with White House opponents arguing that Obama's reluctance to arm the rebels gave ISIS space to operate. Like the more moderate Syrian rebels, ISIS is seeking to push Assad from power, aiming to carve out a purist Islamic enclave across both sides of the Syria-Iraq border. With ISIS gaining strength, U.S. officials say Assad's forces launched airstrikes on extremist targets inside Iraq on Monday. Obama has ruled out sending U.S. troops back into combat in Iraq. But he has dispatched nearly 600 U.S. forces in and around Iraq to train local forces and secure the American Embassy in Baghdad. Officials said the administration would coordinate with Congress and regional players on the specific types of training and assistance the U.S. would provide the opposition. One potential option would be to base U.S. personnel in Jordan and conduct the training exercise there. In addition to the covert train-and-equip mission, the U.S. has also provided nearly $287million in nonlethal assistance to the moderate opposition. The military program would be . supplemented by $1 billion in assistance to Syria's neighbors — Jordan, . Lebanon, Turkey, and Iraq — to help them deal with an influx of refugees . and the threat of extremists spilling over their borders. The Syria program is part of a broader . $65.8 billion overseas operations request that the administration sent . to Capitol Hill on Thursday. This week: ISIS has now seized every border crossing between Iraq and Syria, allowing tanks and troops to pass across unimpeded, and controls much of Iraq's north . The . package includes $1 billion to help stabilize nations bordering Syria . that are struggling with the effects of the civil war. It . also formalizes a request for a previously announced $1 billion to . strengthen the U.S. military presence in Central and Eastern Europe amid . Russia's threatening moves in Ukraine. The Russian ambassador to the United Nations criticized Obama's announcement, saying it would just drag out the conflict and that it was 'moving things in the wrong direction.' 'I think that this is an extremely big risk, and frankly a waste,' Ambassador Vitaly Churkin told reporters at the U.N., saying weapons and money could fall into the hands of the ISIL. He said the U.S. and Russia, which has been Assad's most powerful international backer during the war, should be focusing on restarting political negotiations to end the conflict. The instability in Iraq comes as Obama continues to grapple with a crisis in Ukraine, with Russia widely believed to be backing pro-Moscow insurgents in eastern Ukrainian cities. Russia's threats have stoked anxiety among U.S. allies in the region, who are seeking deeper military assistance from the U.S. Obama has previously cautioned against arming rebels in Syria amid fears that weapons could fall into the wrong hands, but the threat of ISIS now appears to have changed his mind. According to reports, the U.S. is increasingly confident in its ability to tell the more moderate groups from the fundamentalists - so who is likely to get the weapons and who will they be used against? Moderates . Supreme Military Command . The SMC was created as an umbrella group to unite the various elements of the former Free Syrian Army as the West called for united leadership among Syria's rebels at the end of last year. Fighters for the SMC come largely from army deserters based in Turkey, led by Col Riad al-Asaad. The group has backing from Western powers such as the United States, as well as Turkey and Gulf Arab countries, but has never been able to shake the impression that it is being lead from abroad. While still functioning nominally, the SMC was dealt a heavy blow by the formation of the Islamic Front alliance in November 2013, which deprived it of some of its largest members and allies. Fighters from the Free Syrian Army - now the Supreme Military Command - pictured in Aleppo in 2012 . Syrian Revolutionaries Front . This alliance of rebel units helped to launch the Syrian campaign against hardline ISIS fighters. The backbone of the group is the Syrian Martyrs Brigade, a once powerful group from the northern province of Idlib led by Jamal Maarouf. Unlike most other rebel formations, the group does not appear to have strong ideological leanings. The SRF is believed to receive funding from large Gulf countries like Saudi Arabia. It has poor relations with the Islamic Front but has expressed support for the SMC. Mujahideen Army . This recent formation of eight Syrian militant groups was announced early in January and almost immediately launched a campaign against ISIS, leading many observers to believe it may have been formed by Gulf Arab backers to challenging the radical Islamist group. The Mujahideen Army, which claims to have 5,000 members, is seen as moderately Islamist. This relatively new group, along with the Syrian Revolutionaries' Front, spearheaded the campaign against ISIS. Borderline . Islamic front . An amalgam of six major Islamist . groups, this alliance is believed to be the biggest rebel army working . in Syria. Its formation last November gutted the Western-backed Syrian . Military Council, depriving it of some of its main members. Analysts . say the number of fighters brought together by the Front is between . 40,000 to 50,000. The . Islamic Front has been involved in fighting with ISIS, making it a possible target for U.S. weapons, but many of its members are hardline Sunni Islamists who want Syria to . become an Islamic state. Fundamentalists . ISIS . ISIS was formed by breakaway elements from the Nusra Front, Al-Qaeda's official affiliate in Syria, which joined with Al-Qaeda's Iraq branch. The group is headed by the Iraq branch's leader, known as Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. ISIS is the most hardline of all the Islamist forces in Syria and has made enemies of several rebel groups since it seized many towns and checkpoints in opposition areas. It aims to create an Islamic Sharia state stretching from the Mediterranean Sea to Iran, and stepped closer to that objective this week after seizing all border crossing between Syria and Iraq. ISIS militants launched a bloody offensive on Iraq from Syria attempting to establish a Sharia state spanning both countries . Nusra Front . This powerful rebel group is comprised of both Syrians and foreign militants and has been formally recognized by the central leadership of al Qaeda as its franchise in Syria. The group was one of the first to use techniques such as suicide attacks and car bombings in urban areas. Despite this, it is seen as more tolerant and less heavy handed in its dealings with civilians and other rebel groups in comparison with ISIL. The Nusra Front, estimated at around 7,000 to 8,000 members, has worked with most rebel factions fighting in Syria but follows an austere version of Islam and calls for the creation of an Islamic state.	Obama plans to arm moderate rebel groups in Syria to combat rise of ISIS . Had warned against arming groups, fearing guns could fall into wrong hands . But security fears over the rise of ISIS appears to have trumped concerns . Russia opposes arming rebel groups calling it a 'big risk' and 'a waste'
Top English students reach university believing Charles Dickens is ‘just as old’ as William Shakespeare, an academic has warned. Even those with three As at A-level including English can’t put books in historical context, according to Professor Helen Fulton, head of English and related literature at the University of York. They fear being stretched, stick to easy works studied in sixth form and choose short or computer-based texts over those with plot, character and clear narrative structure, she said. Top English students do not know that William Shakespeare, left, and Charles Dickens, right, were born 250 years apart, according to Professor Helen Fulton of York University . Professor Fulton spoke out at a . Westminster Education Forum seminar, where critics described the . Coalition’s new English curriculum as ‘impoverished’ and based on ‘dead . white males’. The Government has scrapped a list of . suggested authors at Key Stages Three (ages 11 to 14) and Four (14 to . 16). At Key Stage Four, pupils must study two Shakespeare plays; . Romantic poetry; a 19th-century novel; First World War poetry; British . fiction, poetry or drama since 1918 and world literature written in . English. The Government says they should ‘read . for understanding’, for example ‘distinguishing between main and . subsidiary themes and summarising texts’. Professor Fulton said the change ‘seems to emphasise skills rather than knowledge’. She said: ‘I would have thought it should be the other way round at Key Stage Four. Professor Fulton criticised the curriculum saying it emphasises 'skills rather than knowledge' ‘By then, you would expect the skills to be there and you want to start broadening knowledge. ‘Many come [here] thinking Dickens is . as old as Shakespeare because they’re all in the past. Getting a sense . of chronology is something we have to work at.’ Professor Fulton said her department was ‘very high performing’, with eight applicants for every place. Professor Helen Fulton was speaking at a Westminster Education Forum seminar . The medieval literature expert added . she relies on ‘good A-level preparation’, and while ‘by and large, we’re . not disappointed’, some students are slow to try unusual texts from . different periods offered at university. She said: ‘We have some worries about . the tendency towards a retreat from difficulty, for example students . feeling slightly reluctant to be stretched...because they’re afraid they . won’t be able to write on something they’re not familiar with.’ Some students believe it takes too . long to learn and is ‘much  easier to dash something off on  a . Shakespeare play they’ve  already studied for A-level’, she said. She . added: ‘We’re also  very aware of the impending death of narrative. ‘Students are consuming texts that are . not narratives in the classic realist sense of having a beginning, a . middle and end and a bit of plot development and character development. ‘They’re consuming short texts, video games, computer-based texts. ‘Again, that’s something we’re trying to manage. I’m sure it’s the same in A-level classes.’ Professor Fulton said students should know modern works, such as the Booker prize winners. Dr Simon Gibbons, chairman of the . National Association for the Teaching of English, told the seminar the . new secondary curriculum is too limited and old-fashioned. He called the Government’s plan a . ‘pretty impoverished version of what English is’, with a narrow range . drawn from a canon of ‘dead white males’.	Professor Helen Fulton said students cannot put works in historical context . The head of English at York said undergraduates also fear being stretched . Criticised the curriculum for emphasising 'skills rather than knowledge’
For a recipient who likes gobbling and imbibing, a Christmas hamper is always a reliably strong gift. But most of us giving such a chest of treats would likely fill it with a couple of bottles of plonk, a wedge of brie, a jar of pickled something-or-other and a kicky little chocolate selection box. Few of us would stretch to the Harrods Decadence hamper, a treasure trove of 59 goodies - including 25 bottles of wine and spirits, gold leaf marmalade, Beluga caviar and truffled foie gras - that will set the buyer back a cool £20,000. The Harrods Decadence Christmas hamper will cost you £20,000, but it does include truffled caviar, a salmon fillet, plenty of cheese and a box of crackers costing £599 each . The enormous collection has been pieced together by Harrods food experts, and is sure to delight the tastebuds of any one who could afford the hefty price tag. As well as the bundle of pricely gourmet goodies, the recipient of this gift, will have Christmas made easy, as it includes a Christmas cake, cheese boards, table decorations and a box of six Southern Cross Christmas crackers which individually have a £599 price tag. The six - all painstakingly constructed - look slightly more extra special . than your average cracker and include no bad jokes and silly paper hats. Instead they are filled with jewellery, leather wallets and fountain pens. Instead of terrible jokes and paper hats, Harrods Christmas crackers contain leather wallets, jewellery and fountain pens . Along with 25 bottles of wines and spirits - including a 2004 magnum of Dom Perignon and a Balvenie Thirty Single Malt Whisky - the hamper includes two tea and coffee treats, 18 pantry items, six fresh produce treats and five kitchen gifts, two of which are a set of cheese knives and a glass table dome to cover the cheese board with. Other hampers, for those on a more . diminutive budget, are also available from the department store, with . The Opulence Hamper cashing in at £10,000 and The Harrodian Hamper at a . meagre £2,500. The £10,000 Opulence hamper contains 17 bottles of wine and spirits, plenty of cheese and crackers, Oscietra Caviar and Iberian chorizo . Other hampers from Harrods are moderately less lavish... but only moderately . Harrods' own-brand hampers are much more economically viable . From Harrods.com .	The 59-piece Decadence Hamper includes 25 bottles of wine and spirits . Fill your fridge with Stilton rounds, salmon fillets and Beluga caviar . Also inside the treasure chest is a cheese knife set and a glass table dome . More modest Harrods hamper options include £10,000 Opulence hamper .
A Texas mother has been arrested for allegedly brutally attacking her six-week-old son because he would not stop crying. The little boy, who had teeth marks and bruises all over his body, was also allegedly hit with an unknown object and slammed to the ground. Deputites in Highlands said the child's mom, Dawn Elizabeth Greene, 24, was found passed out next to him. The boy was airlifted to a hospital in Houston, where he is recovering from internal injuries. Under arrest: A police officer in Highlands, Texas, holds up the head of Dawn Elizabeth Greene so that her mugshot can be taken. The 24-year-old is accused of brutally attacking her six-week-old son . Attacked: The little boy allegedly suffered internal injuries and bleeding after being bitten, hit with an unknown object and slammed to the floor . A man claiming to be the child's father told KHOU: 'She gets like that when she's drunk.' Police said a concerned relative called 911 to report the incident. It is unclear whether that relative was the father. The father, named as Darren Autrey, said he has been attempting to get custody of his son, however his name was not put on the boy's birth certificate. He claimed he had been trying to visit the baby at the weekend but Greene would not let him. She then allegedly admitted to hurting him. 'She kind of mumbled that she bit him,' said Autrey. 'It's been one of my biggest fears because she did it to me.' Greene has been charged with injury to a child. Court documents list her hands and teeth as deadly weapons, KHOU reported. She is being held without bond.	Dawn Elizabeth Greene, 24, is charged with injury to child . Police were called to a home in Highlands, Texas, where they found a baby in distress and Greene passed out nearby . The child, a six-week-old boy, allegedly had teeth marks and bruises all over his body . Allegedly had been hit with a foreign object and dropped to the floor .
A double-wicket maiden in the final over from Glenn Maxwell saw Australia complete a one-run victory and a 3-0 series whitewash over Pakistan in a remarkable one-day international in Abu Dhabi. The visitors looked like they had blown it when, with Pakistan eight wickets down and needing 24 for victory, they failed to appeal a run-out by James Faulkner, who dislodged the bails at the second attempt after failing with his first to dismiss Zulfiqar Babar. Australia, who made 231 for nine in their 50 overs, failed to appeal, feeling they had missed their chance. Australia celebrates after winning the third match of the one day series between Australia and Pakistan . Replays showed that Zulfiqar was in fact inches short and it looked like Pakistan would take advantage as they slowly chalked off the runs needed for the win. With just two runs needed from the final over, though, Maxwell - whose 76 with the bat had helped his side with the second ODI - this time bowled Sohail Tanvir and sent down three dot balls at number 11 Mohammed Irfan before having the pace bowler caught off the final ball to complete a remarkable triumph. Earlier in the day, Australia had made an unusually conservative start and Anwar Ali made the breakthrough in his second over as Aaron Finch chipped to mid-on for a 34-ball 18. A maximum off Zulfiqar aside, David Warner continued to play conservatively until he went in the 22nd over, when Shahid Afridi's slower delivery caused the opener to mistime his shot and hit straight back at the bowler for 56. Ahmed Shahzad of Pakistan is stumped by Brad Haddin of Australia . Skipper George Bailey lasted just three balls after he sliced to Ahmed Shehzad off Irfan to leave the visitors 103 for three in the 23rd over. Steve Smith and Maxwell went about rebuilding the innings, but Pakistan again struck at just the right time as Maxwell slog-swept to Umar Amin off Afridi for 20. Phil Hughes fell lbw to Tanvir for five before Brad Haddin was run out for two thanks to a direct hit by Ali. At 159 for six Australia were firmly on the back foot, although Smith, who had just passed 50, was still at the crease. Faulkner is used to attacking from the off when coming to the crease but with his side in a precarious position, the all rounder did not find the boundary until his 24th delivery. Four balls later Smith was gone for 77 after he was bowled by Tanvir, before Faulkner smashed a trademark six back over the bowler's head. Mitchell Starc was run out for five before Tanvir picked up his third wicket, bowling Faulkner for 33 with the first ball of the final over. Pakistan - with the experienced Misbah-ul-Haq sitting out - were equally conservative with just five boundaries in the first 10 overs, though Shehzad hit two consecutively off Faulkner in the eighth. And just an over later the home side lost their first wicket when Shehzad was bowled by Xavier Doherty, cutting when the delivery was too full. Sarfraz Ahmed was then run out for 32 to leave Pakistan 80 for two in the 18th over. Two wickets became three when Smith showed tremendous anticipation to move from first slip to leg slip when he saw Fawad Alam move into position to sweep, to take the catch off Doherty. Asad Shafiq and Sohaib Maqsood put on a much-needed 74-run partnership before the latter fell for 34, caught by Warner off the bowling of Kane Richardson. With Pakistan's history of dramatic batting collapses to spur them on, Australia picked up a fifth wicket with 72 runs still needed when Shafiq was trapped in front by Faulkner. With stability a necessity, Afridi once again failed to provide it, inexplicably mis-timing a pull shot to mid-on Smith off Richardson. Umar Amin was bowled by Starc for 19 and Anwar Ali (14) was caught by Maxwell off Faulkner before the game played out to an incredible conclusion.	Glenn Maxwell takes double-wicket maiden in the final over to secure victory . Australia complete whitewash and win the series 3-0 in Abu Dhabi . Australia made 231-9 from their  before bowling Pakistan out for 230 .
(CNN) -- As European consumers shift their drinking habits away from bars and into their homes, industry giants such as Heineken are looking at ways to adapt. Beer sales in bars and restaurants - traditionally the primary outlets for the Dutch brewer's products - have fallen sharply across the continent in recent years. As a result, Heineken recorded a 4.6% drop in sales in 2010, down to â‚¬7.89 billion ($11.3 billion). Didier Debrosse, president of Heineken's Western Europe division, is now looking for way to reflect consumer's changing needs as the company looks to arrest the drop. He has helped to implement a strategy he hopes will align the brewing giant with the demands of modern European consumers. A key component of the transition so far has seen Heineken move away from its traditional focus on bars and restaurants as primary points of sale. A series of partnerships and promotions with supermarkets such as France's Carrefour have been established - providing direct access to the home consumer market. Initial results of the link up are promising. Heineken recorded sales 3% higher at Carrefour stores than at any other outlet in the last year. The key is products which are easier to consume at home, such as a can to drink on the terrace, or a bottle to have with a meal. The aim, Debrosse said, is "to cover all the consumer moments." Debrosse is careful, however to maintain a long term definition of success. "It is a journey," he says. "It takes time to build a brand." CNN's Eoghan Macguire contributed to this report .	Beer sales in European bars and restaurants have fallen sharply in recent years . Heineken recorded a 4.6% drop in sales in 2010 . The Dutch brewer has a new strategy it hopes will appeal to European consumers .
A new app has marked yet another breakthrough in biometrics by using your face to log on to a website - instead of a password. True Key takes a photo of your face with the computer’s camera and stores it for later use. When you want to use a password-protected website such as your email, the app scans your face and matches it with its records - removing the need for a password. Face unlock technology was unveiled at CES 2015 in Las Vegas today. True Key (shown) takes a photo of your face and then uses it as your password. The technology works on any device and can be used for multiple sites. A 'freemium' service can be used on 15 websites - after that it costs £12 ($19.95) per year . The technology works on any device which has a camera meaning that it can replace passwords on computers, tablets and smart phones. True Key was unveiled at the technology at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas and was reported by USA Today. The app will be available through the True Key website from next month and could change how we use our computers. It works on a ‘freemium’ model and is free for the first 15 websites. After that it costs £12 ($19.95) per year. 'Your data is locally encrypted with AES-256, one of the strongest grades of encryption available,' the company writes on their site. 'Only you have access to it using things that are unique to you (your face, your fingerprint, a trusted device or a master password that is only known by you).' 'The more factors you have and use, the stronger your True Key profile becomes. 'In addition, we provide multiple security controls so that users can decide how to configure True Key based on their needs.' True Key has been developed by computer chip maker Intel and Mark Hocking, a vice president with Intel Security, who said: ‘Our goal is the elimination of passwords altogether’. Mr Hocking added that the service might not achieve that goal overnight but it ‘will make it easier, over time. It will be a long time before they [passwords] are gone.’ He said: ‘I think that the password system is broken. ‘We’d like to invent a new system for being able to identify if it’s truly you that’s trying to get in and then grant you access accordingly as opposed to a password which can be shared or stolen . ‘Nothing is truly hack free but the practices most of us use for managing our identity are generally very unsafe - using the same password over and over again, using simple passwords. ‘This is a tool that will help consumers be more safe’. Google already lets its users enable two-step verification for their online accounts, and offers Face Unlock on Android. With Face Unlock, pictured, Android users can use their face to unlock their smartphone or tablet, in place of a PIN or a pattern . 'Our goal is the elimination of passwords altogether' said Mark Hocking, vice president of Intel Security. Mr Hocking added that the True Key service, which can be used with multiple sites (shown), might not achieve that goal overnight but it ‘will make it easier, over time' Studies have shown that the average person has just 10 passwords that they recycle for all the websites they use, including online banking. However most of us use obvious things like the name of a pet, our mother’s maiden name and our address. Apple advanced phone biometrics with the iPhone 5 which allowed users to unlock the device with a fingerprint instead of their password. Researchers have also for years been experimenting with ways of doing away with house keys including retina scans. They have also developed scanners that let you use your fingerprint to gain access to your home. AxisKey, developed by a Florida-based security company, went further, and used sonar to scan your fingerprints, the contours beneath them and the shape of your blood vessels in your hands.	Face unlock technology was unveiled at CES 2015 in Las Vegas today . True Key takes a photo of your face and then uses it as your password . The technology works on any device and can be used for multiple sites . A 'freemium' service can be used on 15 websites - after that it costs £12 ($19.95) per year . 'Our goal is the elimination of passwords altogether' said Mark Hocking, vice president of Intel Security .
By . Victoria Woollaston . PUBLISHED: . 09:53 EST, 22 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 11:37 EST, 22 August 2013 . With just a small amount of basic information taken from a person's email account, researchers in the U.S are able to create a 'constellation' of your friends and family that maps your closest relationships and how they all intertwine. The project, called Immersion, has been designed as a way of visualising the data held in a person's Gmail or Exchange account and even shows you which of your friends are at the centre of your electronic universe based on how often you contact them. Each contact is represented as a node that changes size depending on how many emails have been sent to and from them, and node colours are determined by what group the contact has been put into, such as friends, family or colleagues. Researchers at MIT have created a project called Immersion that takes basic metadata from emails including the names of people messages have been sent to and from, into an interactive display that also shows how contacts are connected. The size of the nodes are determined by the amount of correspondence . Clicking a contact creates a graph, pictured, that shows exactly how many messages have been exchanged with the account owner . Any contacts that know each other are then connected by lines and this is detemined by whether they have ever been included on the same email thread, for example. Clicking a contact creates a graph that shows exactly how many messages have been exchanged between the account owner and that person. It also highlights when the first email to that person was sent, as well as the most recent. Once a user logs in and grants Immersion access to their email account, the project gathers the metadata from the From, To, Cc and Timestamp fields of any emails in that account - even emails that have been deleted. It does not access the subject or the body content of the emails. Immersion uses a technology called OAuth to authorise users through a Google website. According to the site, the email address and passwords used to log in to Immersion are not shared and are only seen by Google. Immersion will only scan a total of 300,000 emails per user and a contact only appears if a minimum of three emails have been sent to or from that person. By default, the display shows the top one hundred contacts but users can increase or decrease this number. Another slider lets users change the timeframe included in the display, from the past week, the past year or of all time . This means it can filter out newsletters, social network notifications, spam and junk, for example. By default, the display shows the top one hundred contacts, although sliders on the left let users increase or decrease this number. A slider along the bottom of the screen additionally lets users change the timeframe from the past week, the past year or from all time. If a person has multiple email addresses, Immersion will also attempt to link them together and clicking on a contact shows all associated addresses. 'When you see it all together, it is, in a way, an out-of-body experience,' the creators told the Boston Globe. 'You're seeing all of your network and you're seeing yourself out of it and you're seeing it from afar and you're seeing it in one picture.'	Immersion uses basic contact and email history from Gmail accounts . Each contact is shown as a node on an interactive display . Node's size determines the number of emails sent to and from a contact . Lines then show how each contact is connected to others .
By . Becky Evans . and Daily Mail Reporter . PUBLISHED: . 14:46 EST, 17 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 14:49 EST, 17 June 2013 . CNN anchor Zoraida Sambolin, who underwent a double mastectomy last month for preventative reasons, has shared the latest on her recovery - revealing that her 'gut feeling' was in fact right. Ms Sambolin, 47, who anchors Early Start updated fans on her health via Skype, explaining that 'things are going well'. 'It's been a pretty tough process,' she told CNN. 'But my prognosis is good now.' Scroll down for video . Recovery process: CNN anchor Zoraida Sambolin, who underwent a double mastectomy last month for preventative reasons, has shared the latest on her recovery - revealing that her 'gut feeling' was in fact right . 'What they found in my left breast was breast cancer stage one, grade one invasive, but the good news is my lymph nodes are free and clear, so I'm good. 'My right breast actually ended up having Lobular Carcinoma two, and was headed in the same direction as my left breast, so I made a good decision, and now everything has been taken care of.' Getting better: Zoraida Sambolin posted this picture of her recovery alongside fiancé Kenny Williams . Last month, Ms Sambolin revealed she was undergoing the same procedure as Angelina Jolie while discussing the Hollywood star on her show. The host was diagnosed with breast cancer in her left breast, and underwent the double mastectomy on June 4th. She told viewers in May that she felt able to share her illness after Ms Jolie announced she was having a double mastectomy, and dozens of people took to Facebook and Twitter to congratulate Ms Sambolin on her bravery and wish her well in her recovery. Now that she is in the final stages of recovery, she said: 'My gut feeling [about her right breast] was right. . . Because even if this had not come out the way it did on my right breast, I really couldn't sleep at night. All I could think about was, "What if," and 'What does the future hold?" 'For me it made sense to take them both based on what I had seen in my past MRI's and in my mammograms,' she explained. 'I strongly encourage women to stay on top of it, talk to your doctors, and that way you can feel really confident that you're making the right decision.' Now, Ms Sambolin must meet with an oncologist and find out if she wants to go on any drugs, because, she says, 'I have a higher risk of developing more cancers in the future.' The mother-of-one told CNN viewers last month . that - like Ms Jolie - wanting to be there for her children helped her make . the decision to have a double mastectomy. Sharing her struggle: The host was diagnosed with breast cancer in her left breast, and underwent the double mastectomy on June 4th . She . wrote on Facebook after the show: 'I struggled for weeks trying to . figure out how tell you that I had been diagnosed with breast cancer and . was leaving to have surgery then Angelina Jolie shares her story of a . double mastectomy and gives me strength and an opening.' Ms Jolie revealed that she was forced to . make the agonizing decision to have a preventative double mastectomy, . after tests showed she had an 87 per cent chance of contracting cancer. The actress made her first public appearance earlier this month after opening up about her experience in the New York Times . when she announced she underwent the procedure in April, once she learned that . she is a carrier of the BRCA1 cancer gene. The 37-year-old's mother Marcheline . Bertrand died at the age of 56 from ovarian cancer and her aunt also died of breast cancer in the past month. No taboo: Ms Sambolin (pictured in hospital left) kept fans updated on her treatment during the entire process . Open sphere: The mother-of-one told CNN viewers last month that - like Angelina Jolie - wanting to be there for her children helped her make the decision to have a double mastectomy . Angelina Jolie made her first public appearance following her announcement about her procedure when she attended the premiers of her partner Brad Pitt's film World War Z in London and Paris . Angelina's mother Marcheline Bertrand died from ovarian cancer at 56. When Angelina discovered her mother's cancer was hereditary, she said that she decided to reduce the risk . Jolie attended the London and Paris premiers of partner Brad Pitt's World War Z movie. She told reporters: ‘I feel great, I feel wonderful and I’m very very grateful for all the support, it means a lot to me. ‘[Pitt's] been extraordinary. He’s such a wonderful man and a wonderful father, I’m very very lucky,' she said, praising her future husband, Brad, for his support during her treatment. ‘I’ve been very happy just to see the discussion about women’s health expanded and that means the world to me.’ The star's surgery was successful and . doctors say Angelina's chances of developing breast cancer have now . lowered to less than five per cent. Writing in an editorial piece entitled 'My Medical Choice', Jolie said: 'On a personal note, I do not feel . any less of a woman. Sambolin (second left) said she wanted to be there for her son (right) and daughter (center) Sambolin is engaged to White Sox General Manager Kenny Williams, pictured together in March . Sambolin jokes around with her co-anchor on CNN's Early Start morning show, John Berman . 'I feel empowered that I made a strong . choice that in no way diminishes my femininity.' And she added that she had wanted to speak out about her experience so that other women could consider their options. 'I . am writing about it now because I hope that other women can benefit . from my experience,' she wrote. 'Cancer is still a word that strikes . fear into people’s hearts, producing a deep sense of powerlessness. 'But . today it is possible to find out through a blood test whether you are . highly susceptible to breast and ovarian cancer, and then take action.'	Zoraida Sambolin updated fans on her recovery through Facebook . It showed her fiancé Kenny Williams on 'daily drain duty' Early Start host wrote that 'loving support is key' to recovery . She announced her diagnosis while discussing Jolie's double mastectomy .
Christmas spending on the internet in December rose by much less than expected amid the delivery chaos caused by Black Friday. Annual spending in the month rose by just five per cent, which was the lowest increase over the festive period since internet shopping took off a decade ago. Despite the disappointing numbers, total retail spending on the web reached a new high of £104billion in 2014, which is the first time it has topped £100bn. Scroll down for video . Christmas spending on the internet in December rose by much less than expected amid the delivery chaos caused by Black Friday, which fell at the end of November (above shoppers pictured at an Asda store in Wembley on Black Friday last November) Annual spending rose by just five per cent in December. The poor figures for the month are thought to have been a result of Black Friday, an event imported from the US (above a shopper in Glasgow on Black Friday) The poor figures for December are thought to have been caused by Black Friday, which fell at the end of November and brought forward a lot of present shopping. The event, which has been imported from the US where it kicks off the festive shopping season, was presented by retailers as a huge success however they are now having second thoughts. For while there was a huge spike in spending, these sales were made on the back of big price cuts which will hit profits. At the same time, it seems the event only brought forward gift purchases that would have otherwise have taken place in December, rather than increasing overall sales. Most important of all was the level of orders that a huge number of household name stores could not cope. Marks & Spencer customers were told they had to wait of 10 days to get their purchases, while the online fashion chain ASOS suspended a large part of its their next day delivery system. Amazon, Tesco, Argos, Boots and a host of other household name retailers faced similar problems. At the same time the courier company Yodel, which works with more than 80per cent of web stores, went into meltdown because it did not have enough couriers to ensure items arrived when promised. Such was the crisis that it suspended taking new parcels into its system for two days to clear a backlog of gifts. With the level of orders on Black Friday, a huge number of household name stores could not cope such as Marks & Spencer, whose customers were told they had to wait of 10 days to get their purchases . The net effect of the chaos was that people were put off shopping online for gifts in December and many opted to ‘click and collect’ rather than gamble on items being delivered. The sales figures were published by the web retailer trade body, IMRG, spending experts Experian and the business consultants Capgemini. They said spending in November and December combined was some 13per cent ahead of 2013. Their study confirmed separate research by the British Retail Consortium and accountants, KPMG, which also highlighted problems created by Black Friday. David McCorquodale, the Head of Retail at KPMG, said: ‘The parcel backlogs caused by the aftermath of Black Friday forced some retailers to renege on their delivery guarantees and this impacted shoppers’ confidence to buy gifts online in December. ‘Having hit the internet hard in November, as Christmas neared closer some consumers chose to shop in store to make sure they had their gifts in their hand and not in the mail. ‘The main factor constraining online is the retailers themselves. Their systems still show signs of strain at peak times and they need to be able to cope from order to delivery.’ Head of retail consulting at Capgemini, Adgild Hop (correct), said retailers need to be cautious about attempts to chase big volume sales around events like Black Friday. He said: ‘Black Friday was unquestionably a success for the value-seeking consumer, but for retailers themselves, its success is not quite as clear. ‘As the Index reveals, spending was brought forward a month earlier, at much lower margins for retailers, as a result of the discounts available to customers in November.’ Despite, these problems, he said: ‘2014 has been an important milestone for the online retail sector, with the £100 billion mark being exceeded for the first time. 'When we consider that almost £1 in every £4 is now spent online, and that a large proportion of the other £3 is influenced by some form of digital interaction, it becomes very clear that retailers need to continue to embrace the opportunity that e-Retail poses.’ The IMRG’s Tina Spooner said: ‘While the five per cent December online growth is lower than expected, the story of Christmas trading online this year is one of compression. ‘The anticipated heavy discounting that was very widely communicated in advance of Black Friday served to concentrate the peak around that day in November. ‘The challenge going forward is that Black Friday has been cemented into shoppers’ consciousness and they will expect the same kind of focused discounting next year. 'As an industry, we will need to work together to understand how this extreme activity spike can best be managed in the interests of both shoppers and retailers.'	Annual spending in the month rose by just five per cent - lowest increase over festive period since internet shopping took off decade ago . Total retail spending online reached new high of £104billion in 2014 - first time it has topped £100bn . Retailers are having second thoughts on Black Friday after poor figures for the month .
Putting the kitchen knives away and out of reach of our 11-year-old son for fear he would deliberately hurt himself has been, without doubt, our lowest point as parents. But we had no choice. Two months after starting ‘big school’ last year our lovely boy, Jack, our previously care-free fourth child, had made an attempt to cut his arm with a large chopping knife. Jack had skipped off to secondary school full of excitement. When your child breaks a leg it’s a blue light into A&E. But when you arrive at a GP surgery to seek help on mental problems, the first response was to tell our child to pull himself together (file picture) But within weeks he had descended into a mental health freefall — consumed with worry about being late to school and struggling with his homework, he became severely withdrawn and paranoid. He wasn’t sleeping, and his anxiety was making him physically unwell. My husband and I were not remotely prepared for it. Three months after he tried to cut himself — and by now nearly halfway through his school year — Jack was diagnosed with generalised anxiety disorder (GAD), which means you feel anxious about almost everything. Sufferers also start catastrophising, imagining the worst possible outcome for everything that is bothering them. Indeed for Jack, every problem would morph into something far bigger. Our son is now well on his way to a complete recovery, thanks to cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT). But accessing the specialist help he needed was unbelievably difficult, and if I hadn’t kept battling his corner, there is no doubt in my mind that by now he would be in hospital. When your child breaks a leg it’s a blue light into A&E. When their asthma gets worse, the doctor will write you a new inhaler prescription. But when you arrive at a GP surgery to seek help on mental problems, the first response — at least in our case — was to tell our child to pull himself together. So a crushing report published last month by the Commons Health Select Committee made painfully familiar reading. It is estimated that one in ten children aged five to 16 suffers from a diagnosable mental health disorder — including GAD —which equates to three children per class. That’s 290,000 children in Britain. The report concluded there were ‘serious and deeply ingrained problems’ with mental health services for these young people. You’re telling me. At first, I approached the school, two weeks into Jack’s first term. Doctors often feel woefully unprepared when faced with children in mental health crisis, according to the report from the Commons Health Select Committee . I explained he seemed disproportionately stressed. But responses from staff were feeble: ‘Don’t worry, it’s Year Seven, they all feel a bit like this’ and ‘We have children here with real problems, just give him time, he’ll settle’. Although Jack was able to keep it together at school, every day he would come home crying and all the problems would tumble out. ‘I don’t like that school, I don’t like my tutor, I’ve no one to sit with at break,’ the list was endless. As the weeks went by, he started having trouble sleeping. He would regularly still be awake into the early hours, crying and screaming that he hated life. He began to sleepwalk and lost weight. It was a frightening time for all of us. I felt wretched. Every waking minute of every day my thoughts were centred on Jack. After two months, I took him to see the GP. I couldn’t get an appointment with my usual doctor, so we saw another GP in the practice. She didn’t know our family at all, and had no way of gauging if this behaviour was usual for us. Indeed, doctors often feel woefully unprepared when faced with children in mental health crisis, according to the new report. In a poignant comment, GP Jane Roberts, who is the Royal College of General Practitioners’ clinical champion for youth mental health issues, told the Commons Health Select Committee: ‘In a ten-minute consultation it can feel overwhelming to open a Pandora’s box and begin to look at what is troubling a young person . . . especially if the options for referral are limited and difficult to access.’ The report’s authors want GPs to receive better training in young people’s mental health, saying everyone has a right to see a professional with sufficient knowledge. Maureen Baker, chairman of the Royal College of GPs, says it has been campaigning to include mandatory placements in mental health care in GP training. The GP we saw initially advised us to give Jack a few more weeks to see if school became more familiar. But a week later Jack came home with his older brother, who announced he couldn’t cope any more with his sibling’s increasingly erratic behaviour to and from school. He said Jack was constantly checking his bag, checking the time and, on occasions, would try to go back to school at the end of the day to check his homework with the teachers. It's estimated 290,000 children aged five to 16 suffers from a diagnosable mental health disorder . It was as he was telling me this that Jack took a large kitchen knife to his arm. It was a half-hearted attempt and thankfully he didn’t actually pierce the skin. My ‘lioness protecting her cubs’ instinct kicked in. Through his tears — and mine — I calmly told him to put down the knife and hugged him, saying whatever I could think of to comfort him. You will do anything to protect your child, but I knew I was woefully out of my depth. As much as I was saying we would help him, I knew ‘the system’ was failing us. That same day, I went to the GP surgery and asked for an appointment then and there. But it was the end of surgery hours and it was only when I quietly refused to leave they agreed to see us. We saw yet another GP, who leaned forward and told Jack all about the patients she had seen that day, who were perhaps more in need of help than him. I told her calmly that our son had dallied with knives and told his brother he wanted to die. The GP — barely out of med-school — stayed completely expressionless, not so much as a raised eyebrow. I asked for a referral to child and adolescent mental health services and at first she suggested we wait and see and come back in the New Year — some four weeks later — if need be. With tears of frustration now rolling down my cheeks, I again indicated my willingness to camp in the surgery until the referral letter was written. She begrudgingly agreed, though our son still wasn’t seen — even as an emergency referral — until January. The psychiatrist we saw was sympathetic but made a shocking suggestion. If we could afford it we should pay privately for CBT — Jack could wait to get it on the NHS, but that could take as long as three months. She could see he needed help urgently, but said there was nothing she could do. Chris Leaman, policy manager at the charity YoungMinds, is not surprised by our story. He says last year 77 per cent of clinical commissioning groups, (the bodies responsible in NHS England for commissioning, planning, agreeing and monitoring health services) had their budgets cut or frozen for such services. In emergency cases, children can end up in police cells as there are no NHS beds available. We are lucky. We have private medical insurance. But still it was a battle — at every stage I had to keep chasing, and it wasn’t until March we had our first appointment with the psychologist who would finally help our son. Jack found it hard — CBT works on changing your thought processes, which is not easy — but he is now well on the road to recovery. He found it difficult returning to school this September but his psychologist helped him with strategies so he could cope. We’ve been warned by Jack’s therapist that he may always be someone who doesn’t react well to big change. But how wrong it is that the help he badly needed was not there for him. Please, health provider decision makers, wake up and make child and adolescent mental health issues a bigger priority. Just last week it was revealed seven mental health patients have killed themselves since 2012 while waiting for a bed on a specialist ward. What more will it take before mental healthcare is taken seriously? It has to be, for all our sakes — but most of all for those young people who need it. For information see youngminds.org.uk and brentcentre.org.uk. Patsy Bennett is a pseudonym. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.	Jack became severely withdrawn after staring secondary school . He was diagnosed with generalised anxiety disorder (GAD) One in ten children aged five to 16 suffers from a diagnosable mental health disorder . A Parliamentary report want GPs to receive better training in young people’s mental health .
France wants the UK to pay for a day centre for the illegal immigrants gathered at Calais, says a left-wing French MP. The suggestion came from Yann Capet who met Bernard Cazeneuve, the Interior Minister, today and suggested a centre should be established in Calais and others nearby. 'The minister was most insistent that there must be British solidarity very concretely and not only in words but also in actions. Sudanese refugees today in Calais.  A 'new Songatte' camp has been established in some woods just outside Calais by refugees who are waiting to get into the UK . Once again gangs of  migrants are forming at Calais, ready to make an assault on the UK . 'There is no question of the British washing their hands of this problem', said M Capet. 'The English could be incited to take part “financially as well” in the setting up of the Calais day centre and other buildings which would complement it. 'There is also the possibility that the British government will send representatives to Calais to explain the truth to the migrants.’ Last week M Cazeneuve said in an interview published in Calais that he wanted migrants to be told that it was no longer an El Dorado for refugees. He said he was in favour of day centres where migrants could receive help and advice and be told of their rights in France. Yann Capet is a political opponent of Natacha Bouchart, the right-wing mayor of Calais. He is also an opposition member of the Calais municipal council. On Monday he invited the mayor to take part in a joint meeting with the Interior Minister but Mme Bouchart declined. ‘In her turn Madame Bouchart was due to meet the Interior Minister late this afternoon to try to persuade him to give the go ahead for a Sangatte type overnight hostel for 400 migrants which she said her town needs as a matter of urgency,’ he said. Immigrants scramble for warm clothes and blankets in the cold in Calais . Natacha Bouchart, the right-wing mayor of Calais, wants the Interior Minister to give the go ahead for a Sangatte type overnight hostel for 400 migrants which she said her town needs as a matter of urgency . M Cazeneuve has said that he is opposed to a new Sangatte as he fears that it would attract even more migrants to Calais. Official figures put the current number of migrants sleeping rough in a squat camp dubbed Jungle 2 and in disused buildings in the town at 1,300, but charity groups say the figure is more like 2000 and rising every day. Transport companies are urging truckers to avoid boarding ferries at Calais following violent incidents between drivers faced with £1,500 fines if illegals are found in their trailers . Official figures put the current number of migrants sleeping rough in a squat camp dubbed Jungle 2 (above) and in disused buildings in the town at 1,300 . Transport companies are urging truckers to avoid boarding ferries at Calais following violent incidents between drivers faced with £1,500 fines if illegals are found in their trailers and people smugglers armed with knives, iron bars and in a case last week a pump action shotgun. Last month, there were violent clashes between Eritreans and Sudanese over territorial rights to spots where it is easy to jump on trucks and attempt to stowaway to Britain.	Left-wing French MP insists Britain should pay for centres to give advice to illegal immigrants at Calais . Transport companies urging truckers to avoid boarding ferries at Calais because of immigrant problem . Calais mayor wants permission to build another Sangatte camp to house 400 migrants .
Canada's Supreme Court has rejected a challenge by three immigrants to ditch its citizenship oath, which requires would-be citizens to pledge allegiance to Queen Elizabeth II . Canada's Supreme Court has rejected a challenge by three immigrants to ditch its citizenship oath, which requires would-be citizens to pledge allegiance to Queen Elizabeth II. The appeal was launched by longtime permanent residents Michael McAteer, Simone Topey and Dror Bar-Natan who wanted to become citizens without making the vow to the Queen and royal family. The trio cited different reasons for not wanting to take the vow, including religious objections. But Canada's Supreme Court refused to hear the challenge to the citizenship requirement leaving intact an earlier ruling by Ontario Court of Appeal. Mr McAteer, 81, said he was disappointed but not surprised after learning of the decision. 'It's been a long haul,' said McAteer, a staunch republican who came to Canada from Ireland 51 years ago. '(But) I feel the same: If the oath stands, then I won't take Canadian citizenship.' Topey, a Jamaican Rastafarian, said her religion forbids taking an oath to the Queen. 'I'm trying to become a citizen not a subject,' she outside court, according to Canadian TV news. Bar-Natan, an Israeli, argued that the oath represents entrenched privilege he opposes. The Supreme Court gave no reason for refusing to hear the case. Canada's Citizenship Act requires would-be citizens to swear to be 'faithful and bear true allegiance to Queen Elizabeth the Second, Queen of Canada, her heirs and successors.' Canada is a member of the British Commonwealth and the Queen is the country's honorary head of state. The federal government had argued that taking the oath has been around since Confederation. In its ruling last year, the Ontario Court of Appeal noted the Queen remains Canada's head of state, calling the oath a 'symbolic commitment to be governed as a democratic constitutional monarchy unless and until democratically changed.' The Queen is the honorary head of state in Canada, which is part of the Commonwealth. Pictured: The Queen and her husband Prince Philip, pictured following a church service in Jasper, Canada, in 2005 . Canada's Supreme Court refused to hear the challenge by the trio. Pictured: The Queen meeting well wishers in Edmonton, Canada, during her 2005 tour of the country . Lawyer Peter Rosenthal said the high court refusal to hear the case doesn't necessarily indicate an endorsement of the oath,  but simply means the justices did not feel the case was worthy of their attention. Australia, which is also part of the commonwealth, scrapped its similar pledge to the monarchy 20 years ago.	Three immigrants challenged Canada's citizenship oath at Supreme Court . As part of Canada's Citizenship Act swear allegiance to Queen Elizabeth II . Michael McAteer, Simone Topey and Dror Bar-Natan launched appeal . Judges sitting in Supreme Court refuse to hear trio's appeal .
The United States warned Syria in no uncertain terms Monday not to use chemical weapons amid intelligence reports indicating President Bashar al-Assad's regime could be preparing to take that step as it escalates its fight against rebel forces. "I want to make it absolutely clear to Assad and those under his command -- the world is watching," President Barack Obama said during a speech at the National Defense University in Washington. "The use of chemical weapons is and would be totally unacceptable. And if you make the tragic mistake of using these weapons, there will be consequences and you will be held accountable," he said. Obama has previously warned that any use of chemical weapons by Syria in its civil war would be crossing a "red line" that would prompt a swift U.S. response. Earlier on Monday, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton issued a similar warning. "I'm not going to telegraph in any specifics what we would do in the event of credible evidence that the Assad regime has resorted to using chemical weapons against their own people," she said. "But suffice it to say, we are certainly planning to take action if that eventuality were to occur." U.S. officials are concerned that with fighting closing in on Damascus, forcing the temporary closure of the airport there, the regime may be feeling desperate and toying with the idea that chemical weapons could finally crush the persistent rebellion. Official: 'Worrying signs' regarding Syria's chemical weapons . "We believe that with the regime's grip on power loosening with its failure to put down the opposition through conventional means, we have an increased concern about the possibility of the regime taking the desperate act of using its chemical weapons," White House spokesman Jay Carney said Monday. The Syrian Foreign Ministry denied that the country had any plans to use chemical weapons, state TV reported. Citing a source at the ministry, state TV said Syria has repeatedly stressed it will not use such weapons, if they exist, against its people no matter the circumstances. But U.S. officials say "worrying signs" suggest otherwise. According to one U.S. official, Syrian forces have begun combining chemicals that would be used to make deadly sarin gas for use in weapons to attack rebel and civilian populations. The United States obtained intelligence over the weekend indicating this development, according to the official who had direct knowledge of the latest information. The intelligence, the official said, came from multiple sources but the official declined to provide any more details about how the United States learned of it. Sarin gas, the source said, could most readily be used to fill artillery shells. "This isn't just about movement, but about potential intent to make certain chemical weapons ready for use," said a separate source, another U.S. official who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the matter. Read more: Opposition accuses Syria of 'mental war' after Internet blackout . That source declined to describe the intelligence and acknowledged that the United States isn't entirely sure what the Syrian government is up to, or who ordered the moves. Meanwhile, the United Nations said Monday that it is immediately pulling all nonessential employees out of Syria. It was unclear how many people were involved or what role they have been playing in Syria. The United Nations removed cease-fire monitors from the country in August. At least 239 people were killed in violence across Syria on Monday, according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria, a network of opposition activists. The attacks included the bombing by Syrian warplanes of a town within sight of the Turkish border, which killed 10 people. Thick black smoke rose from the border town of Ras al-Ain, where witnesses said warplanes dropped two bombs. One appeared to strike a three-story building where opposition forces were staying, neighborhood mayor Mehmet Saitavci said. The strike sent panicked civilians running to the fence that separates the two countries, witnesses told CNN. Saitavci said the wounded were making their way to the border, where they were being picked up by ambulances. "There are people with arms and legs missing coming across," he said. Read more: Turkish town on Syrian border deals with fighting, ethnic differences . In Damascus, apparent fighting around the airport forced Egypt's national airline to cancel flights to Syria, including recalling one flight that had taken off, after Syrian authorities contacted the airline to say the security situation was bad "at the airport and its vicinity," airline spokesman Dina el-Fouly said. The airport had been closed for three days because of fierce fighting, and Egypt Air had planned to resume flights Monday. They are now canceled indefinitely, el-Fouly said. Elsewhere, government forces bombed, shelled and rained rocket fire on cities across the country in the latest efforts by al-Assad's forces to drive back rebel advances, opposition activists said. The airstrikes signal a sharp escalation in the fighting by forces loyal to al-Assad and rebels seeking his ouster, raising concerns among Syria's neighbors that the 21-month-old civil war could spill across the borders. Neighboring countries have reported deadly border skirmishes with either Syrian forces or rebels. In June, Syrian anti-aircraft defenses shot down a Turkish military reconnaissance jet, killing two pilots, after it briefly crossed into Syrian airspace in the eastern Mediterranean Sea. Months later, errant Syrian artillery shells hit the border town of Akcakale, killing five Turkish civilians. As a result, Turkey has asked NATO for Patriot missiles to bolster its air defenses, a request NATO is expected to approve on Tuesday. Read more: Young Syrian amputee makes dangerous journey to find help . The United States, Germany and the Netherlands, which all have Patriot capabilities, have signaled they may be willing to contribute missiles should NATO approve the deployment to Turkey. NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen stressed to CNN's Christiane Amanpour on Monday that the possible deployment of Patriot missiles is "purely defensive," and not aimed at preparing a no-fly zone. "We have no intention to intervene militarily in Syria. We will do what it takes to protect our ally Turkey," he said. However, Russia reiterated its opposition. "We don't consider that this will lead to the improvement of security in the current situation." President Vladimir Putin's spokesman, Dimitri Pesvok, said Monday. In photos: The Syrian conflict through children's eyes .	At least 239 are dead in fighting Monday across Syria, opposition activists say . President Obama issues a direct warning to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . Syrian forces are mixing chemical warfare agents, says a U.S. official . The Syrian Foreign Ministry denies plans to use such weapons .
(EW.com) -- As expected, "The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn--Part 1" led the box office once again over the extended Thanksgiving frame, but Disney's "The Muppets" reboot more than held its own in second place. Meanwhile, newcomers "Arthur Christmas" and "Hugo" started modestly, and "The Descendants," "My Week with Marilyn," and "The Artist" all impressed in limited release. Here's how the box office played out over the holiday weekend: . "The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn--Part 1" (Geez, typing that whole title never gets any easier. I half-expect the next installment to be renamed "The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn--Part 2: The Finale--2 Love or 2 Die") grossed $62.3 million over the Wednesday-to-Sunday period, with $42 million of that coming in over the regular three-day frame. That gives the vampire drama a ten-day total of $221.3 million, ahead of the $214.3 million "Eclipse" had earned at the same point in its run. Other comparisons between "Eclipse" and "Breaking Dawn" are hard to draw. "Eclipse" opened on a Wednesday and was a summer movie, while "Breaking Dawn" debuted on a Friday and is playing during the Thanksgiving season. Furthermore, both of their runs contained holiday weekends in the first two frames, which make weekend-to-weekend drops difficult to compare. For the record, though, "Breaking Dawn's" three-day weekend drop was 70 percent from last week's $138 million opening. One thing that can be said with certainty? The "Twilight" franchise remains a box office juggernaut. "Breaking Dawn's" $10,330 per theater average was the second-highest in the Top 10, and when all is said and done, it should finish its run in the $300 million range. Disney's $40 million reboot "The Muppets" debuted in second place with a strong $42.3 million. The friendly felt puppets laughed up $29.5 million over the regular three-day weekend. Audiences skewed slightly older than those at typical kids' movies, as only 35 percent of viewers were under the age of 18, but then the Muppets were never meant to be solely kiddie fare â€” that's why "Sesame Street" was invented! "The Muppets" $42.3 million bow is lower than the $49.1 million opening of the Mouse House's "Enchanted" (which also starred Amy Adams) in 2007. Thanks to strong word-of-mouth and terrific reviews, "Enchanted" endured through the holiday season and wound up with a magical $127 million total. With a straight "A" CinemaScore grade and broad appeal with all ages, "The Muppets" may climb to a similar $100+ million cume in the coming weeks. Wherever "The Muppets" finishes though, it has already proven more successful than the last Muppets movies to hit theaters, "Muppets from Space," which only earned $16.6 million in 1999. It looks like Miss Piggy might finally get the credit she's always known she deserves. Welcome back, guys! After a disappointing opening last weekend, "Happy Feet Two" needed a miraculous hold to save its box office prospects -- but that didn't really happen. The $135 million animated sequel earned another $18.4 million over five days and $13.4 million over three, which marks a rather large for a family film 37 percent drop. With $43.8 million after ten days, "Happy Feet Two" won't come close to the original's $198 million gross. Penguins -- they're just so 2006. Two more expensive children's movies rounded out the Top 5. In fourth, Sony's Aardman-produced 3-D animation "Arthur Christmas" unwrapped a fairly lackluster $17 million in its first five days ($12.7 million over three days). The well-reviewed $98 million production scored an "A--" CinemaScore grade, and while its subject matter should help it hold well throughout December, "Arthur" will need to post some very small declines to make up for its low $3,762 per theater average and maintain its location count. Martin Scorsese's first foray into 3-D, "Hugo," began its run in fifth place. The "adventure" (read: homage to silent film) cost producer GK Films a reported $170 million, and Paramount is distributing. "Hugo" earned $15.4 million in five days, and $11.4 million over the typical weekend. While those results sound alarmingly low, the silver lining here is that "Hugo" is only playing in 1,277 locations -- the smaller run yielded a strong $8,888 per theater average over three days. Still, "Hugo" has a LOT to prove before anyone should consider calling it a success. Paramount is clearly hoping to build a strong word-of-mouth foundation which could propel the well-reviewed film in the coming weeks, and a rep for the studio tells me that Paramount plans to add a few hundred locations to its run next weekend before breaking into an extra-wide release on December 9 (that is when CinemaScore data will be available). Film buffs were apparently interested to see how Scorsese used the 3-D illusion -- according to Paramount, 75 percent of the film's gross came from 3-D screens. (According to me: a quick Fandango browse reveals that today in New York City theaters, 64 out of 77 showtimes -- that's 83 percent! -- are in 3-D. Would that mean that a 75 percent 3-D share is actually disappointing?) In limited release, "The Descendants" proved utterly dominant. Fox Searchlight's George Clooney drama, which is already earning a deafening amount of Oscar buzz, expanded onto 433 screens on Friday, and it increased 505 percent to $7.2 million over three days ($9.2 million over five), giving "The Descendants" a tremendous $16,628 per theater average and a ten-day total of $10.7 million. Fox Searchlight, more than any other arthouse studio, knows how to platform a release as audiences become engaged with the title, and Searchlight often holds back on expansion when prognosticators assume they'll push their movies wider -- they didn't put Alexander Payne's last movie, "Sideways," into more than 1,000 theaters until its 15th weekend. We'll have to wait and see what the distributor does with "The Descendants," but they've clearly got a hit on their hands. It should soar well past Clooney's last picture, "The Ides of March" ($39.5 million) and perhaps even past Clooney's 2009 Oscar bait, "Up in the Air" ($83 million). Fellow Oscar contender "My Week with Marilyn" began its run with $2.1 million in five days. The Marilyn Monroe picture earned $311,000 out of 183 theaters on Wednesday and Thursday, and then expanded into 244 theaters for the weekend, when it earned $1.8 million more. That gave it a moderately good $6,161 per theater average. Encouragingly, Marilyn ticked up by a strong 13 percent on Saturday, and then dropped by a scant 30 percent on Sunday, so word-of-mouth may be spreading quickly for the drama, which earned an "A--" CinemaScore grade. According to Weinstein, audiences were 65 percent female and 50 percent over the age of 50. In very limited debuts, "The Artist" and "A Dangerous Method" both posted strong numbers from just four theaters. The Artist found about $210,000 and a stunning $52,604 per theater average -- great results for any film, much less a black-and-white silent one. With strong Oscar buzz and an "A" CinemaScore grade working in The Artist's favor, Weinstein is planning to expand the film slowly through Christmastime. Sony Pictures Classics' A Dangerous Method, meanwhile, grossed about $182,000, for an impressive $45,463 venue average. Expect expansions for the Michael Fassbender/Viggo Mortensen/Keira Knightly film as well. One final note: Interestingly, "Tower Heist" seems to be enjoying a late surge of popularity. Despite losing 468 theaters this weekend, the caper clicked up 3 percent to $7.3 million over three days. The $85 million ($75 million after tax rebates) Eddie Murphy/Ben Stiller comedy, directed by Brett Ratner, has now found $65.3 million total. 1. The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn -- Part 1 -- $42 million ($62.3 mil over five days) 2. The Muppets -- $29.5 mil ($42 mil) 3. Happy Feet Two -- $13.4 mil ($18.4 mil) 4. Arthur Christmas -- $12.7 mil ($17 mil) 5. Hugo -- $11.4 mil ($15.4 mil) 6. Jack and Jill -- $10.3 mil ($14.1 mil) 7. Immortals -- $8.8 mil ($12.6 mil) 8. Puss in Boots -- $7.5 mil ($10.4 mil) 9. Tower Heist -- $7.3 mil ($10.2 mil) 10. The Descendants -- $7.2 mil ($9.2 mil) See the full article at EW.com. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly . © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.	"The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn--Part 1" grossed $62.3 million over Wednesday-to-Sunday . "The Muppets" debuted in second place with a strong $42.3 million . "Arthur Christmas" unwrapped a fairly lackluster $17 million .
(CNN) -- Defeat could be near for Syria's embattled regime, NATO and Syrian ally Russia said Thursday. "I think now it's only a question of time," NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said in Brussels, Belgium, where he and Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte announced the deployment of two Patriot air-defense batteries to Turkey's border with Syria. The al-Assad government is "approaching collapse," Rasmussen said. "I urge the regime to stop violence, to realize what is the actual situation and initiate a process that leads to the accommodation of the legitimate aspirations of the Syrian people." Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Mikhail Bogdanov offered a similar view from Moscow, noting what he said were rebel reports that victory was imminent. "We need to look the facts in the eye," the state-run RIA Novosti news service quoted Bogdanov as saying. "Unfortunately, we can't exclude a victory by the opposition." His comments came as opposition groups said they had seized a military base near Damascus and amid calls by the Local Coordination Committees for rebels to push for the fall of the capital. "We all know that the battle is not going to be easy and that the regime will defend its existence by the most brutal means, as we have become accustomed to seeing," the opposition group said. "We know that the regime will spare no resources in destroying any hold it may have before its collapse, as we have witnessed in all other Syrian cities." Diplomatic efforts to help end the 21-month conflict, which opposition activists say has claimed more than 42,000 lives, have so far failed. A rebel victory would unleash a host of complications for the shattered country, including the need to quickly assemble a functioning government; to provide humanitarian assistance as winter approaches; and to address the status of the chemical weapons currently held by regime forces. U.S. official: Syria uses Scud missiles against rebels . The regime has shown no signs of backing down. On Thursday, the LCC reported that 138 people had been killed by government forces, including seven children and four women. Sixty-nine of the deaths occurred in Damascus and its suburbs, it said. Syrian state TV, citing a foreign ministry official, denied Thursday Western accusations that the government has used Scud missiles against rebels inside the country, a move analysts and world leaders have described as a dangerous escalation in President Bashar al-Assad's campaign against the rebellion. A U.S. official said Syrian forces in Damascus loyal to al-Assad had fired at least four short-range Scud missiles from the capital into northern Syria, presumably at rebel groups. Rasmussen said NATO also had detected launches this week. "We can't confirm details of the missiles, but some of the information indicates they were Scud-type missiles," Rasmussen said. "The use of such indiscriminate weapons shows utter disregard for the lives of the Syrian people. It is reckless, and I strongly condemn it." Aleppo Today TV becomes vital news source amid Syria's chaos . The predictions of defeat for al-Assad and his forces come amid rising international recognition of the Syrian opposition. On Tuesday, President Barack Obama extended U.S. recognition to the rebel coalition. The more than 100 nations in the Friends of Syria group followed suit on Wednesday and pledged at least $110 million in humanitarian aid. Coalition Vice President George Sabra said rebels were pleased with the gestures, but had hoped the United States would go further by naming the group not just as a legitimate representative of the Syrian people but as their sole legitimate representative. Syrian officials belittled the declarations. Information Minister Omran al-Zoebi said the recognition was comparable to Syria recognizing "Liverpool Football Club as the sole representative of the British people while in fact it represented very little," Britain's Independent newspaper said. As fighting subsides, Aleppo residents find little left . Also Thursday, Amnesty International urged rebel leaders to free a Ukrainian journalist accused of working with Syrian government officials and to respect international accords on human rights. "There are increasing reports of opposition forces carrying out horrific abuses of captured government soldiers, journalists and some other civilians," Amnesty said Thursday. "The coalition must condemn these grave abuses in the strongest possible terms and do its utmost to prevent them." The LCC called on rebels to deliver a knockout punch to the regime while protecting civilians, religious sites and the nation's cultural heritage. It also urged rebels to preserve any documents found in offices of state security services seized by rebels in preparation for possible war crimes trials. "These documents contain massive amounts of incriminating evidence against the regime and its symbols and will be required to hold the regime accountable, compensate victims and retain a historical record of decades of state behavior," the group said. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said U.S. government-trained medical workers have reached an estimated 410,000 patients in Syria, performed 22,370 surgeries and had partnered with a group -- which she would not identify for security reasons -- that has set up 20 field hospitals in the country. "I don't think any of us has a crystal ball as to exactly how this is going to go, but we do believe that the Assad regime's days are numbered," Nuland said. "The opposition in recent days and weeks has made a number of significant captures, in particular major military facility outside of Aleppo with the last Sheik Suleiman base and other important military installations." She urged Russian officials to withdraw support for the al-Assad regime. An afternoon with a Syrian bombmaker . CNN's Barbara Starr, Tom Watkins, Jill Dougherty, Mike Mount, Ben Brumfield and David Ariosto contributed to this report.	Rights group urges rebels to abide by international accords amid report of "horrible abuses" Collapse of Syrian regime appears inevitable, NATO chief says . Syria's apparent use of Scud missiles is "reckless," Anders Fogh Rasmussen says . Opposition group calls for rebels to protect religious, cultural sites .
A terrorist act in Martin Place was allegedly the plan of accused Sydney man, Omarjan Azari, who is due to make a bail application this week in Central Local Court, just  blocks away from the Lindt cafe. It was alleged that 22-year-old Azari,who was arrested on terrorism charges in September, was planning a public beheading in Martin Place. The alleged terror plot, mentioned in a conversation between Australian terrorism recruiter in Syria, Mohammad Ali Baryalei and Azari, involved selecting a member of the public at random, beheading them and then covering their body in an Islamic flag. Martin Place terror plot: Omarjan Azarai (pictured, in a police van after his court appearance on  terrorism charges) was allegedly planning to seize a member of the public in Martin Place and behead them, then cover the body with an Islamic flag . Police in the street opposite the house where they arrested Omarjan Azari on the morning of September 18 in western Sydney . Raids were carried out all over Sydney and in Brisbane by counter terrorist police who made more than a dozen arrests of young men . The whole incident was allegedly going to be filmed, and then used as propaganda for the ISIS cause. Azari was arrested on September 18 and charged with preparing for an act of terrorism. Police took him into custody at his parents' home in a series of raids on September 18. According to court documents, police intercepted a phone call between Azari and Baryalei - who is alleged to have recruited half of the 60 Australians fighting in the Middle East - two days before the raid. There is only one God: the flag used in the Martin Place raid on Monday (pictured) belongs to the group Jabhat al-Nusra which is fighting the Assad government regime in Syria . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.	A terrorist act in Martin Place was allegedly the plan of accused Sydney man, Omarjan Azari . Azari allegedly planned a public beheading in Martin Place . Police say Azari planned a terrorist act by phone with Australian terrorist in Syria Mohammad Ali Baryalei . The act involved selecting a random member of the public, beheading them and covering the body in an Islamic flag .
A college football star has been accused of brutally beating a 66-year-old man before leaving him to die in the street. Beau Smith, 22, a wide receiver for Williamette University, appeared in Marion County Circuit Court in Oregon on Thursday, accused of murdering Michael Hampshire, a retired airplane mechanic. A passerby found Hampshire's body at an intersection just two blocks from the man's home at 3.42am on Wednesday. When police arrived, they declared him dead. Pastor Dallas Yetter said Hampshire often took walks in the night when he had trouble sleeping and said he believes the man fell victim to a random attack. Scroll down for video . 'Fight': Beau Smith, 22, left, has been arrested in the murder of 66-year-old Michael Hampshire, right, who was found dead from blunt-force trauma in the street early on Wednesday morning . In court: Smith, who is from California, appeared in Marion County Circuit Court in Oregon on Thursday . 'I don't know anything about Beau Smith,' Yetter told the Statesman Journal. 'My guess is it was a random beating... Something took place that wasn't right there. It's just a shock, and sad.' After the body was found, a man covered in blood - believed to be Smith - waved down a patrolman a few blocks away, raised his arms and said, 'I need help, I was in a fight', sources told CBS. The Willamette senior and chemistry major, who is from Roseville, California, was taken in to custody and is being held on a charge of murder. It is unclear whether a weapon was used but the medical examiner concluded that Hampshire died of blunt force injuries to the head. Top student: Smith, a chemistry major at Willamette University, had a 4.0 GPA in high school . Marion County District Attorney Doug Hanson told the Sacramento Bee that officials are still investigating what happened but they have no reason to believe the two men knew each other. Hampshire's neighbors said they don't recognize Smith and a university spokesperson said Hampshire had no affiliation with the school. The university released a statement saying they are cooperating fully with the investigation and they have started their own student conduct investigation. They would not say whether Smith is still considered an enrolled student. Smith's attorney said he may enter a plea when he next appears in court, on December 11. He has been denied bail, in accordance with Oregon law. Before the next appearance, his attorney is working on providing evidence to the state that Smith is a strong student and athlete, as well as character references. The student was in the top five per cent of his high school graduating class in Roseville and had a 4.0-plus grade point average, according to the Sacramento Bee. He then moved to Oregon to attend Williamete, where he played for the Bearcats - first as free safety and tight end before playing as wife receiver. The school's athletic records show he caught four touchdowns and 17 passes last year. 'He was never in trouble,' Former Roseville High Principal Brad Basham said. He said the fact that the young man has been arrested for murder is 'almost unbelievable'. Team: Smith (80, right) played wide receiver for the Bearcats. The university is also investigating his conduct . Scene: Hampshire's body was found by a passerby just blocks from his home on Wednesday morning . Hampshire was remembered as a friendly neighbor who volunteered at a food share and enjoyed working on remodeling projects at his home. Oregon Department of Corrections records show he had completed probation in 2013 for menacing, the Bee reported. He lived alone with his dog after he and his wife separated a few years ago, his pastor told the Stateman Journal. 'He would catch me out in the yard working and just come over and talk,' Yetter said. 'He liked working with his hands. He was innovative and liked to try new things. He liked a challenge.' See below for video .	Beau Smith, a wide receiver for Williamette University in Oregon, has been accused of killing Michael Hampshire, a volunteer and retired mechanic . A passerby found Hampshire's beaten body near an intersection just two blocks from his Salem home in the early hours of Wednesday . His pastor said he would take late-night walks when he had trouble sleeping . Police said they have no reason to think the men knew each other . Smith was arrested 'covered in blood after he flagged down a patrolman a few blocks away and said he had been in a fight' Hampshire, who lived alone with a dog, was remembered as a friendly neighbor but records show he completed probation last year for 'menacing' Police have not detailed what they think happened and are investigating .
By . John Stevens . PUBLISHED: . 04:25 EST, 12 August 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 17:31 EST, 12 August 2013 . Tragedy: Lucy Woolley, 16, died after falling from her eventing horse after it was startled by a tractor . A girl of 16 with a passion for riding was killed when a tractor startled her horse and she was thrown off. Lucinda Woolley, who had taken part in national eventing competitions, had gone out on her horse Alfie, a recent gift from her parents. Her mother Julia, 48, rushed to find her daughter when the horse returned to their £875,000 country home without her. Lucinda was airlifted to hospital with head injuries and died the next day. Mrs Woolley said that she and her husband Peter, 52, had been reluctant to give the teenager Alfie, who was a professional eventing horse, but riding was ‘what she lived for’. The grieving mother, who runs a media management and financial consultancy business with her husband in Chattisham, near Ipswich, said: ‘Alfie got spooked by the vehicle – it was a fluke. 'The chap who was driving the tractor is a personal friend. I heard the horse come back to the stables and chased off to find her. 'I was there within five minutes of the fall.’ Mrs Woolley said her daughter was wearing a helmet and all the protective equipment one would expect to see on ‘a professional’, adding: ‘She was a very diligent and careful rider. She was wearing all of her protective gear. She wouldn’t have gone out without it.’ She added: ‘Her passion was riding. She had been riding since the age of three and had had a succession of horses. Talented: Lucy had been riding since the age of three and had already competed at a national level . Passion: Lucy's mother said she was a diligent student but riding was her true love . According to her mother, Lucinda's passion was riding. She had been riding since the age of three and had had a succession of horses . ‘She had got to the point of . competing at British Eventing level – a very high level – and other . people who were more expert than us were kind enough to say she was a . very talented rider. 'Yes, it was a very dangerous sport . and we had given a lot of thought to giving her the horse she had. We . agreed that she could compete at that level and that’s what she lived . for.’ Lucinda had been waiting to find out her GCSE results at £11,700-a-year Ipswich High School for Girls. She was due to start her A-level . studies in September. Mrs Woolley said she and her husband had tried not . to tell their daughter too often how beautiful and talented she was to . help her keep her feet on the ground. Heartbreak: Riding experts had said Lucy, pictured in family photos, had a bright future in the sport ahead of her . ‘She had the biggest smile and an . amazing, infectious laugh and sense of humour. She was very determined, . organised and focused. She was sporty and played hockey and rounders for . the school.’ Lucinda’s 18-year-old sister . Charlotte wrote on her personal blog:  ‘She was airlifted to . Addenbrooke’s Hospital in Cambridge and after being in surgery for 3 . hours we finally got to see her. ‘The next day she showed signs of . breathing but she was still so ill that both her heart rate and blood . pressure rocketed and doctors told us the news we had feared. ‘Poor little Lucy was only 16 and so beautiful, an incredible rider and so loved by so many. 'Mum and I will hopefully be going to collect her GCSE results for her on the 22nd, which she no doubt will have aced.’	Lucinda Woolley thrown from horse near her home in Chattisham, Suffolk . Was only ten minutes into a ride when it was startled by a farm vehicle . Mother Julia: 'It was a dangerous sport - but riding is what she lived for' Described her daughter as 'beautiful with an amazing, infectious laugh'
(CNN) -- Folks along the East Coast from North Carolina to New Jersey who were hoping for a green St. Patrick's Day are getting a white one instead. Snow and sleet fell Monday from western North Carolina to central New Jersey. Snow also fell across portions of southeast Pennsylvania. Three days ahead of the official start of spring, Washington was bearing the brunt of another storm. Ten inches of snow was reported at Washington Dulles International Airport in Virginia, and 6 inches have fallen at Baltimore-Washington International Airport. Winter storm warnings and advisories are in place for much of the Mid-Atlantic, from North Carolina to southern New Jersey. The snow was expected to taper off Monday afternoon, the National Weather Service said. The highest reported snowfall total was 13.5 inches at Singers Glen, Virginia. In Washington, schoolkids and federal workers got another snow day thanks to the late winter storm. Classes were canceled in six area counties. The National Zoo is closed, too, leaving the animals free to roam in the snow without any prying eyes.	10 inches of snow reported at Dulles airport; a town in Virginia gets more than a foot . Federal workers get the day off in Washington, and the National Zoo is closed . Schoolkids get another snow day amid winter storm warnings and advisories .
(CNN) -- World number one golfer Tiger Woods has become a dad for the second time after wife Elin gave birth to a boy, Charlie Axel, on Sunday. Elin hands daughter Sam to Tiger after his victory at last year's U.S. Open. The couple already have a daughter Sam Alexis, who was born in June 2007, and proud dad Tiger announced news of the latest family addition on his official Web site on Monday. "Elin and I are thrilled to announce the birth of our son, Charlie Axel Woods," said Woods who has been sidelined since knee surgery following his 14th major triumph at the U.S. Open last June. "Both Charlie and Elin are doing great and we want to thank everyone for their sincere best wishes and kind thoughts. "Sam is very excited to be a big sister and we feel truly blessed to have such a wonderful family. I also want to thank our doctors, nurses and the hospital staff for their personal and professional care. "We look forward to introducing Charlie to you at the appropriate time, and again thanks from all of us for your kindness and support." The arrival of Charlie Axel comes as Woods prepares to return to the Tour with his earliest realistic comeback in three weeks at the Accenture World Match Play in Tucson where he would be the defending champion. However, reports suggest he may wait until the Tour comes to Florida, where he lives, next month. "I have no restrictions -- it's just a matter of getting my golf endurance up. I don't have my golf stamina back yet," he said on his Web site. "I am excited about returning to competition. Early on I didn't miss golf because I enjoyed staying home with Elin and Sam and I knew I wasn't physically able to play. "The truth is, I would have embarrassed myself. Now I'm getting my feel and practice back. It's just a matter of playing more on the course. "I'm working hard to get myself back into tournament shape and will return as soon as I'm ready." Woods position at the top of the world rankings -- he was 11 points clear at the time of surgery -- is currently under threat from Spanish star Sergio Garcia who has closed the gap to less than three points.	World number one golfer Tiger Woods has become a dad for the second time . Wife Elin gave birth to boy, Charlie Axel, on Sunday Woods says on Web site . Arrival of Charlie Axel comes as Woods prepares for Tour return after surgery .
(EW.com) -- It's like "Deal or No Deal" crossed with your own holiday party game. NBC has ordered a new game show from Howie Mandel based on a popular gift-swapping tradition. In "Howie Mandel's White Elephant," six contestants will select one package from an assortment of wrapped gifts containing millions of dollars in prizes. Using strategy, luck, and good guessing, contestants will decide whether or not to steal prizes that have been previously revealed, or gamble that the item in their unopened box is worth more. The contestant with the least valuable prize at the end of every round is eliminated. The concept seems to have the tense "take it or leave it" simplicity of "Deal," but adds the allure of using tangible gifts instead of dollars and has the contestants' gameplay impacting each other. The final two players will face a tough choice, based on the classic psychology experiment "prisoner's dilemma:" They're presented with a box filled with two life changing prizes. They must choose whether to share the gifts, or steal the other player's gift but risk walking away empty handed. NBC has ordered seven episodes from Mandel (who will host) and Mike Marks. There's no premiere date yet, but next holiday season would seem like a neat fit. See the full article at EW.com. CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly . © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. All rights reserved.	NBC has ordered a new game show from Howie Mandel . "Howie Mandel's White Elephant" is based on a popular gift-swapping tradition . The concept seems to have the tense "take it or leave it" simplicity of "Deal"
Nerve-racking footage has emerged of a suicide jumper being saved by police from plummeting to his death. In the dashcam video, officer D. Mulvihill arrives to see an unidentified man teetering on the ledge of the Martin Luther King Boulevard overpass looking down on traffic below. Using  tactics learned in training, Mulvhill carefully creeps up behind the man before suddenly grabbing him around the waist and hauling him to safety. The jumper is momentarily distracted by sergeant McCoy, who starts walking towards him from another direction. Together, the two policemen wrestle the man to the ground to prevent him from escaping. They reassure him that he's 'OK' and everything's going to be 'alright'. 'You alright, buddy? I'm sorry. I'm just trying to help you. You're alright,' one of the officers can be heard saying. They then lift him back to two feet with a 'one, two, three' and escort him off the bridge. Caught on camera: Nerve-racking footage has emerged of a suicide jumper being saved by police from plummeting to his death . Slow movements: In the dash cam video, officer D. Mulvihill arrives to see an unidentified man teetering on the ledge of the Martin Luther King Boulevard overpass looking down on traffic below . Easy does it: Using tactics learned in training, Mulvhill carefully creeps up behind the man before suddenly grabbing him around the waist and hauling him to safety . Although the incident took place on November 26 2014 the Dallas Police Department have only just released the recording of the event. For their actions, officer Mulvihill and sergeant McCoy have been nominated for life-saving awards. The police department wrote: 'Because of these well-coordinated tactics, a life was saved and in the process prevented numerous passing motorists below on the S.M. Wright Freeway from being harmed.' The individual involved was subsequently transported to a facility for evaluation. Team effort: The jumper is momentarily distracted by sergeant McCoy, who starts walking towards him from another direction . On the job: Although the incident took place on November 26 2014 the Dallas Police Department have only just released the recording of the event - the two policemen have been nominated for life-saving awards .	In the dash cam video, a man can be seen teetering on the edge of the Martin Luther King Boulevard overpass in Dallas, Texas . Officer D. Mulvihill arrives on the scene and uses tactic learning in training . He is seen carefully creeping up behind the man before suddenly grabbing him around the waist and hauling him to safety . He and another officer have been nominated for a life-saving award for their efforts .
By . Lizzie Edmonds . PUBLISHED: . 04:18 EST, 23 February 2014 . | . UPDATED: . 12:44 EST, 23 February 2014 . A premature baby boy died when a nurse removed him from a ventilator without his parents' permission while he was receiving treatment at a scandal-hit hospital trust. Rohan Rhodes was born 14 weeks prematurely at Singleton . Hospital in Swansea in August 2012. Although he was very premature, he . got through the critical first few weeks and was doing well in the hospital's neo-natal intensive care unit. Rohan Rhodes, who was born 14 weeks early, pictured on a life support system in hospital. His parents allege he was taken off a ventilator without their permission while at St Michael's Hospital . The tiny baby had to have a heart operation and so was moved to the hospital - which is in the same trust as the scandal hit Bristol Children's Hospital . However, . a heart duct which usually closes at birth remained open. Doctors said . he needed to go to Bristol, which has a specialist children's heart . surgery centre, for an operation. Five weeks after birth he was transferred to St Michael's Hospital - which is in the same trust as Bristol Children's Hospital. As he was so premature, he needed a ventilator to help fill his lungs with oxygen. Rohan's parents allege a nurse practitioner looking after their son - who had no authority to withdraw the life-supporting device - turned off the ventilator. After being taken off the ventilator . Rohan developed necrotising enterocolitis - or NEC. This potentially . fatal condition is common in premature babies, especially those with the . heart problems. Rohan had a series of cardiac arrests and tragically died the following day. After the child was taken off the ventilator, the boy suffered two cardiac arrests and tragically died . Parents Alex Rhodes and Bronwyn Vincent (pictured) now await the results of an inquest into the circumstances surrounding their son's death . It is understood the nurse who took . Rohan off his ventilator received further training following her action - . but remains working at the hospital. She . has not been disciplined or reported to the Nursing and Midwifery . Council which has the power to hold a hearing and remove her from the . nursing register, it is thought. A Bristol inquest will hear on Monday the circumstances that led to Rohan's death. The hospital where he died is part of the same trust as Bristol Children Hospital - where the deaths of child heart surgery patients are to be the subject of an independent review, NHS Medical Director, Sir Bruce Keogh, said last week. This week the case of Lacey Marie Poton, four months, who died of a . cardiac arrest shortly after she was discharged from the hospital emerged. It . is alleged she also received poor care from South Western Ambulance Service. Rohan's parents Alex Rhodes and Bronwyn Vincent, who live in Narberth, Pembrokeshire, Wales, returned from a rest break to find their son had been taken off the device. They said: 'We have no idea why the nurse did what she did - but we are convinced it cost our son his life. 'Nurses can only take a baby off a ventilator under a doctor's direction and we know there wasn't a doctor's decision to do this.' Before he could be put back on the machine he suffered a cardiac arrest. Rohan was resuscitated by intensive care medics - but suffered a second heart attack the next day and lost his fight for life. Rohan's coffin - which was made by his dad using wood intended to make his first cot . The Bristol Royal Children's Hospital - which is part of the same trust as St Michael's where Rohan died . Ms Vincent said: 'Our little boy was doing so well. We are still trying to understand why this nurse did what she did. She had no authority. What she did is inexcusable. I was in tears. 'The doctors said he wasn't ready to come of the ventilator and he was going to stay on it until he had his operation.' 'Rowan was very premature at 25 weeks, but his lungs were holding up well. 'He needed a relatively safe operation to close a heart duct that should normally shut at birth. That would have helped his breathing improve. 'When we arrived at St Michael's his life wasn't in danger even though he was in intensive care. 'We were told his prospects of coming off the ventilator were good following the heart surgery. 'We have no idea why the nurse did what she did - but we are convinced it cost our son his life. 'Nurses can only take a baby off a ventilator under a doctor's direction and we know there wasn't a doctor's decision to do this.' Parents Emma Norley and Jhonny Poton - whose daughter Lacey Marie died after being discharged from the hospital . The child's parents also accuse South Western Ambulance Service of delivering poor care and not doing proper medical checks when she was in cardiac arrest . After being taken off the ventilator Rohan developed NEC. The couple believe the lack off oxygen when he was taken off the ventilator triggered the condition. Ms Vincent, 34, who works as a vet, alleges Rohan was left in 'agonising pain' from the condition until doctors finally gave him pain relief in his final hours. She said: 'The end was terrible. His gut burst, he had peritonitis and blood poisoning and his heart just couldn't cope. Mr Rhodes, a 37-year-old blacksmith, said: 'We have had no explanation for this nurse's actions. 'The doctors had agreed that he should stay on ventilation right up until he had his surgery. They didn't want to alter anything as he was doing so well.' Rohan was the couple's only child and is buried in his mother's native Irish Republic. She said:'Our little boy's coffin was made in the shape of a boat. It was handmade by Alex using the wood he had bought to build him his first cot. The reason it is a rowing boat is because we nick named him Ro Ro and used to sing Row, row, row your boat to him everyday.' The family's Laurence Vick, of Michelmores Solicitors in Exeter, said: 'There is likely to be legal action action over Rohan's death following his inquest.' Robert Woolley, Chief Executive of University Hospitals Bristol NHS Foundation Trust said: 'We would like to offer our sincere condolences to the Rhodes family for the loss of their son, Rohan. 'The coroner will conduct a thorough and independent inquiry into the death of this child and we are committed to working with her to provide all the information she needs to do this. 'It would not be appropriate for us to comment further until the inquest has concluded.' A high level investigation is to be carried out the the Bristol Royal Hospital for Children - the same trust as St Michael's Hospital - follow numerous allegations of poor care and neglect. Another case was that of four-month-old Lacey Maruie Poton - one of several children to die following surgery at Bristol Royal Hospital for Children. She suffered cardiac arrest after being discharged from the facility. It is now alleged the child received poor treatment at the hands of the South Western Ambulance Service - one of the largest in the country. An internal report released today lists a series of mistakes made by the service - including the incident not being treated as an emergency and crew failing to take a proper medical history of the child in to account.	Rohan Rhodes was born 14 weeks premature and needed heart surgery . Was transferred to St Michael's Hospital, Bristol on a ventilator . Nurse looking after boy allegedly turned off machine without permission . Hospital is in the same trust as scandal-hit Bristol Children's Hospital . High-level investigation into facility has been ordered by director of NHS .
Skype revolutionised how people make calls internationally, but its biggest downfall is that it needs a web connection to work. The Ringo app attempts to rival this by offering calls between countries for the same price as local calls - using submarine cables. This means the app bypasses expensive carrier call costs, doesn’t ask people to turn on roaming data and the firm claims is typically 25 per cent cheaper than Skype. Scroll down for video . Ringo, pictured, is available for iOS, Android and Windows Phone in 16 countries including Australia, UK, the U.S and Canada. It converts international calls to local ones using nearby phone networks and after connecting calls to local networks, they are passed through submarine cables . When a call is made via the app, Ringo connects it to a local phone network and assigns it a local number. It . then switches the call to travel through submarine cables under the . oceans. These cables are used by carriers, and transport high-speed data . around the world. When the call reaches the destination country, it is reconnected to the local network again. Although it assigns the call different local numbers each time, the call appears as if it’s coming directly from the contact. Ringo is available for iOS, Android and Windows Phone devices in 16 countries. This includes Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Germany, Hong Kong, Italy, Japan, Mexico, Netherlands, Poland, Singapore, Spain, Switzerland, UK and U.S. Users on Ringo in these countries can then make calls to any destination worldwide, and to any number - the recipient doesn't need to have the app installed. When a call is made via the app, Ringo connects it to a local phone network and assigns it a local number. It then switches the call to travel . through submarine cables under the oceans. These cables are used by . carriers, and transport high-speed data around the world. Users on Ringo can make calls to any destination worldwide, and to any number - the recipient doesn't need to have the app installed. The firm claims these calls are typically 25 per cent cheaper than Skype. By not using a web connection the reliability and call quality is higher than on other services, according to the app's website . When the call reaches the destination country, it is reconnected to the local network again. Although it assigns the call different local numbers each time, the call appears as if it’s coming directly from the contact. By not using a web connection the reliability and call quality is higher than on other services, according to the app’s website. On Ringo, users pay 1.7 cents per minute to call the U.S. This compares to 2.3 cents per minute on Skype, and 11 cents per minute on Vodafone. Ringo does require connectivity when signing in, but the firm claims it is working on ways to reduce that too.	The app that lets you make international calls WITHOUT a web connection . Ringo is available for iOS, Android and Windows Phone in 16 countries . It converts international calls to local ones using nearby phone networks . These local calls are then sent to other countries using submarine cables . Firm claims the calls are typically 25 per cent cheaper than Skype .
LONDON, England -- Malaria is one of the world's worst health problems and one of its biggest killers, with half a billion people affected every year, according to the Roll Back Malaria partnership. Around half a billion people are infected with malaria every year. Ninety percent of those cases are in Africa. Saturday marks World Malaria Day, when the world commemorates global efforts to eradicate the disease. Below CNN's Vital Signs has produced a complete A - Z guide to how malaria spreads, the symptoms to look out for and how to protect yourself. A is for Anti-malarial drugs The history of anti-malarial medicine has been marked by a constant struggle between evolving drug-resistant parasites and the search for new drugs. Currently, anti-malaria experts are focusing on therapies that combine several drugs for better effects. B is for Blood stream Once a mosquito has bitten and the malaria parasites reach the liver, the parasites divide and create thousands of mature parasites. These are released into the blood and infect red blood cells.  At that point, typical malaria symptoms such as fever and anemia develop. C is for Chloroquine Until recently, Chloroquine, an anti-malarial drug, was the first option for many people because of its relatively low price and effectiveness. However, resistance to Chloroquine in many parts of the world has rendered the drug ineffective. D is for Diagnosis After noting your symptoms and travel history, your doctor will likely obtain a sample of your blood for observation. Two blood samples, taken at six- and 12-hour intervals, can usually confirm the presence of the malaria parasite and its type. It is possible to be infected by more than one parasite at the same time. E is for Epidemic According to the World Health Organization (WHO), large and devastating epidemics can occur when the mosquito-borne parasite is introduced into areas where people have had little prior contact with the infecting parasite. These epidemics can be triggered by wet weather conditions and further aggravated by floods or mass population movements driven by conflict. F is for Fever The most common symptom of all types of malarias is high fever, which is why doctors often misdiagnose malaria for flu. The fever is a reaction to toxins in the blood. It is therefore advised to tell your doctor you have been to a malaria affected zone, even if symptoms arise months after the trip. G is for Genome  In 2002, -- hundred years after it was discovered that mosquitoes transmit the malaria parasite -- the complete genetic codes of both the human malaria parasite and the mosquito that spreads it was cracked. This development brought scientists a step closer to developing drugs and vaccines to fight the disease, Nature magazine reported. H is for Hotspots Most cases and deaths are in sub-Saharan Africa, many of them occurring among children. However, Asia, Latin America, the Middle East and parts of Europe are also affected. In 2006, malaria was present in 109 countries and territories. I is for Immunity Travelers from malaria-free regions such as Europe and the United States, with little or no immunity, who go to areas with high disease rates, are particularly vulnerable. It is essential to take precautions by taking anti-malarial drugs prescribed by your doctor. J is for Julius Wagner-Jauregg Julius Wagner-Jauregg, a Viennese doctor, was the first to intentionally infect syphilis patients with malaria parasites. By controlling the subsequent malaria-related fever with an anti-malaria drug, the effects of both syphilis and malaria could be minimized. Jauregg received the Nobel Prize in Medicine in 1927. K is for Killer Malaria is a life-threatening disease but it is preventable and curable if the right steps are taken. Education in recognizing the symptoms has reduced the number of cases in some areas by 20 percent. Recognizing the disease in the early stages can stop the disease from becoming a killer. L is for Laser gun U.S. scientists say they are developing a laser gun that could kill millions of mosquitoes in minutes. The laser fires at mosquitoes once it detects the audio frequency created by the beating of wings, the lead scientist on the project told CNN. The project is being funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. M is for Mosquitoes Malaria is caused by the bite of the female Anopheles mosquitoes. The mosquitoes bite between sunset and sunrise and parasites from the mosquito are then injected into the person's skin and transported to the liver. About 170 species of such parasites exist, but only four cause malaria in humans. N is for Nets The distribution of mosquito nets with insecticide is a very effective method of malaria prevention, and it is also one of the most cost-effective methods. These nets can often be obtained for around $3. Earlier this month, actor Ashton Kutcher won a Twitter race against CNN to reach 1 million followers. Kutcher had pledged 10,000 mosquito nets to charity if he beat CNN, and 1,000 if he lost. CNN agreed to do the same. O is for Obstacles In many endemic areas, access to health facilities, as well as drug costs, still present major obstacles. Humanitarian agency Medecins Sans Frontieres estimates that the cost of treating a malaria-infected person in an endemic country was between $0.25 and $2.40 per dose in 2002. P is for Pandemic For malaria to become a pandemic (plague) in an area, several factors have to be present: high human population density; high mosquito population density; high rates of transmission from humans to mosquitoes and from mosquitoes to humans. Q is for Quinine Quinine was the first effective treatment for malaria in the 17th century. Since the 1940's, many other anti-malarial drugs have appeared on the market and have taken precedent over quinine. But quinine is still being used to treat malaria in some cases. R is for Repellent The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says inspect repellents with DEET (most common active ingredient in strong insecticides) in them should be used on exposed skin and flying-insect spray can be used to kill mosquitoes in the sleeping area. DEET may be toxic, however and should be used with care. S is for Symptoms Fever is not the only symptom of malaria. Other symptoms can include shivers, headaches and nausea. Sweating and exhaustion is also common and in some cases, it can affect the brain or kidneys. T is for Tablets Malarone is a common anti-malaria drug among many travelers. It is said to have a 97 percent efficacy with relatively few side-effects. It can be given just one day before arrival in a malaria endemic country and only needs to be taken for another week after leaving. U is for Unborn child According to the WHO, pregnant women are at high risk of contracting malaria. The illness can result in high rates of miscarriages and cause more than 10 percent of maternal deaths annually. This figure can rise to 50 percent in cases of severe disease. V is for Vaccine Despite intensive research, no effective malaria vaccine has been developed to date. But according to a report in April's New Scientist journal, a unique vaccine taken from the saliva of infected mosquitoes has received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to be tested in people. W is for World Malaria Day April 25 has become World Malaria Day to provide a global effort to control malaria around the world. The international malaria community only has two years left to meet the 2010 targets of delivering effective protection and treatment to all people at risk of malaria, as called for by the UN Secretary-General, Ban Ki-Moon. X is for X-ray X-ray microscopes are used to find the presence of malaria in red blood cells and see how they interact with healthy cells. One of the advantages of this type of microscope is that it produces very-high-resolution images of the cell structure. Y is for Yellow fever Yellow fever is another disease transmitted by mosquitoes. Some countries, such as Peru, require a certificate showing yellow-fever vaccination before you can travel there. Z is for Zanzibar Zanzibar, part of the African republic of Tanzania, has had relative successes in combating malaria; Africa's biggest killer according to the New Scientist journal. The achievements are due to the widespread use of treated bed nets, along with the switch to new anti-malarial drugs instead of Chloroquine in 2004.	World Malaria Day on April 25 highlights the danger of malaria and calls for action . According to the WHO there were 247 million cases of malaria in 2006 . 880,000 people died of malaria in 2006, a preventable and curable disease .
By . Helen Collis . PUBLISHED: . 05:44 EST, 5 June 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 06:06 EST, 5 June 2013 . Refusal: Sergio Marchionne, Chairman and CEO of Chrysler, said the company stands behind the quality of its vehicles. Chrysler is refusing to recall 3million models deemed unsafe by a government agency . Car manufacturer Chrysler has refused to recall 3million vehicles after US government safety tests concluded there was a risk in certain models of deadly fuel tank fires. The problem, according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) relates to the position of the fuel tank being close to the rear meaning collisions are more likely to cause fires. To date an estimated 51 people have died in car crashes that resulted in fires in Chrysler sport utility models, according to ABC News. After its own analyses, the NHTSA asked the company to voluntarily recall Jeep Grand Cherokees from 1993 to 2004 and Jeep Libertys from 2002 to 2007. But in a rare move, the car manufacturer is refusing to cooperate. In a statement on its website, Chrysler said it 'does not agree with NHTSA’s conclusions and does not intend to recall the vehicles cited in the investigation'. 'The subject vehicles are safe and are not defective,' the statement said, adding its vehicles 'met and exceeded all applicable requirements of the Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standards,' including tests pertaining to fuel-system integrity. The agency said in a letter to Chrysler, dated Monday, that the placement of the fuel tanks behind the rear axle, coupled with their height above the road, was a design defect. The NHTSA's analysis found that the Jeeps' fuel tanks can be hazardous when hit from the rear and leak fuel. They can cause fires if there's an ignition source, it said. Chrysler moved the fuel tanks on the Grand Cherokee ahead of the rear axle in 2005, and did the same thing with the Liberty in 2007. Chrysler's own analysis, from over 30 years of data, found the fire incidents which are the focus of this request, occur less than once for every million years of vehicle operation. This is comparable to other vehicles produced and sold at the time, the company said. Safe? The 2003 Jeep Liberty is one of the models the NHTSA has asked Chrysler to voluntarily recall . Not being recalled: Jeep Grand Cherokees from 1993 to 2004 (Jeep Grand Cherokee 1999 pictured) and Jeep Libertys from 2002 to 2007 are both advised for recall, amounting to 1million vehicles . The car firm has been working with the NHTSA, sharing its data with the agency, on this issue since 2010, at the request of the Center for Auto Safety, a Washington, D.C., advocacy group. 'We believe NHTSA’s initial conclusions are based on an incomplete analysis of the underlying data, and we are committed to continue working with the agency to resolve this disagreement,' the statement said. Sergio Marchionne, Chairman and CEO of Chrysler, added: 'The safety of drivers and passengers has long been the first priority for Chrysler brands and that commitment remains steadfast. 'The company stands behind the quality of its vehicles. All of us remain committed to continue working with NHTSA to provide information confirming the safety of these vehicles.' While the NHTSA can order a recall, it will have to obtain a court order to enforce it, according to ABC News. Can makers usually agree to recalls, mainly to protect their public image. In the last three years, Chrysler has conducted 52 recalls.	NHTSA review concludes risk of fire if certain models are hit from the rear . Estimated 51 deaths from such incidents . Car giant claims its vehicles have comparable safety to others produced at the time .
By . Daniel Martin . Vladimir Putin was threatened with fresh sanctions yesterday if he did not rein in pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine. The warning came a day after a Ukrainian military helicopter was shot down, killing nine. Rebels are also said to have broken a ceasefire 44 times since it began on Friday. Vladimir Putin was threatened with fresh sanctions yesterday if he did not rein in pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine . Foreign Secretary William Hague and German chancellor Angela Merkel urged the Russian president to speed up his efforts to stabilise the situation following two months of fighting in which at least 420 people have been killed. Mrs Merkel welcomed the surprise decision by Mr Putin to cancel a parliamentary resolution granted in spring authorising him to use Russian forces in Ukraine. The . US and EU have already imposed sanctions twice, freezing assets and . banning travel for Mr Putin’s inner circle after Russia annexed Crimea. Further sanctions are likely to penalise entire sectors of the Russian economy and be far more damaging. Foreign Secretary William Hague and German chancellor Angela Merkel urged the Russian president to speed up his efforts to stabilise the situation following two months of fighting in which at least 420 people have been killed . Mr Hague said the downing of the helicopter was hard to reconcile with Mr Putin’s claims to favour peace. He added: ‘We urge Russia to take the necessary actions to stop the flow of arms across the border, to stop supporting illegally-armed separatist groups in eastern Ukraine, because in absence of actions by Russia the case for stronger sanctions from EU nations will become stronger.’ President Putin wants Ukraine to extend the truce and hold talks with the rebels, while Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has promised to submit constitutional amendments offering broader powers to predominately rebel areas in the east.	Warning comes after Ukrainian military helicopter shot down, killing nine . Rebels said to have broken a ceasefire 44 times since it began on Friday . US and EU imposed . sanctions twice, freezing assets and banning travel . Further sanctions likely to penalise entire sectors of Russian economy .
When Jackie Sharp lost her cat Dallas in 2000, she had resigned herself to the fact that she would never see him again. Her cute cat had been with her through good times and bad as she lived in Petaluma. At the age of 3, Dallas disappeared into a creek near her home. 'I was going through my first year of college at Santa Rosa Junior College, and it was crazy and stressful,' said Jackie to the Petaluma Argus. Reunited: Jackie Sharp and Dallas the cat reunited, 13 years since he had gone missing . 'It was horrible,' she said. 'I was looking everywhere for him. It was very sad. I loved that cat. At the end of the day I would come home and he would just curl up on my lap and purr. He was always there for me. He got me through a lot.' Last week, she received a call from the VCA Animal Care Center in Rohnert Park saying that they had her cat. 'I was in shock,' said Jackie, 34. 'It has been 13 years. I figured he had found a new home or was gone by now.' In the intervening years, Jackie moved away but always kept pictures of Dallas and occasionally paused to wonder what happened. Jackie was able to be tracked down because Dallas had a microchip implanted in his neck when he was a kitten. The devices, which are about the size of a grain of rice and are used on dogs, cats and other pets. They carry a unique identification number, which is linked to the owner’s contact information. Hinebaugh Creek: Dallas disappeared in this creek near to Jackie's home and was found in the same creek 13 years later . Dr. Robin Schaffner, the emergency veterinarian who treated Dallas said that the cat was close to dying and would probably have been put down had the vet not found the microchip. 'He was completely dehydrated and emaciated. He probably would have passed away within hours without aggressive treatment. The microchip saved his life,' Dr Shaffner said. It took her awhile to realize they were talking about Dallas. 'It was so amazing,' she said. 'He was the coolest cat ever and I missed him so much.' Incredibly, a man discovered Dallas in the same creek where he disappeared in 2000. He was taken to Laurie Atwood who feeds some of the cats living by the creek. She says that she was determined he would survive, 'It’s not going to be easy, but if this cat can do it, I can do it.' Dallas was given life-saving treatment and put on a feeding tube and given a blood transfusion. Last weekend, Jackie was able to take him home. She says that Dallas recognised her the moment he entered. 'He stared at me, then he climbed up into my lap and started to purr,' she said. 'I always loved his eyes with those grey specks in them. Once I saw his eyes, I knew it was him. He’s a fighter. If he can make it through living in a creek for 13 years, he can make it through anything.'	Dallas the cat disappeared down a creek never to be seen again . A walker found the black cat in the same location more than a decade later . The feline was returned to his owner thanks to a microchip .
