which is the best F1 race ever? and why?  Perhaps not the best F1 race ever, but one of my favourites is the 1993 European Grand Prix at Donington. It was a `wet' race and Ayrton Senna started from fourth on the grid but quickly got to the front and went on to win the race.\nThere was a bit of an anomaly with the fastest lap. Because of the track layout, it was a bit shorter going through pit lane and on the 57th lap, Senna came in for a pit stop, but the McLaren team wasn't ready, so he continued on and back onto the track (there was no pit speed limit at that time) and his time of 1:18.029 turned out to be the fastest lap of the race.\nThe Donington facilities weren't the best I've been to (the media centre was in a tent, but my laptop, connected to British Telecom, worked perfectly) and I had a lot of mud to scrape off my boots, but the race was enjoyable.\nAlso the 1989 Brazilian Grand Prix, not because Nigel Mansell won the race, but because I saw the great Juan Manual Fangio drive some exhibition laps around the Jacarapagua circuit in one of his old F1 cars.	sports
is there a Kyusho Jitsu place i can go in ok,tulsa,broken arrow? im wanting to learn it so bad and i need 2 know were 1 is so if u know plz tell me lol there are a few around where i live... in independence missoure the guy who brought it 2 the us lives... retired i bet... u can take it in topeka k.s. and u can learn it and any ryu-te karate(or ryukyu kempo) place along with tuite jutsu the 2 things that make ryu te totally diffrent than all other karates.... good stuff.... u can rean kyuso online by its self off the oficial website... 4 a price... but scince its a independant study..... i cant say youll get quality	sports
does everyone  in liverpool support liverpool football team?  no some are sad and support everton or tranmere or even worst still man utd.	sports
including endorsements, how much money (in us dollars) does david beckham make in one year?  too much	sports
What are all the rules of Cricket and what is an over?  The basic rules of cricket such as bat and ball, the wicket, pitch dimensions, overs, how out, etc. have existed since time immemorial. In 1727, we first hear of "Articles of Agreement" to determine the code of practice in a particular game and this became a common feature, especially around payment of stake money and distributing the winnings given the importance of gambling. In 1744, the Laws of Cricket were codified for the first time and then amended in 1774, when innovations such as lbw, middle stump and maximum bat width were added. These law stated that 'the principals shall choose from amongst the gentleman present two umpires who shall absolutely decide all disputes.' The codes were drawn up by the so-called "Star and Garter Club" whose members ultimately founded MCC at Lord's in 1787. MCC immediately became the custodian of the Laws and has made periodic revisions and recodifications subsequently.\n\n\nIn 1889 the immemorial four ball over was replaced by a five ball over and then this was changed to the current six balls an over in 1900. Subsequently, some countries experimented with eight balls an over. In 1922, the number of balls per over was changed from six to eight in Australia only. In 1924 the eight ball over was extended to New Zealand and in 1937 to South Africa. In England, the eight ball over was adopted experimentally for the 1939 season; the intention was to continue the experiment in 1940, but first-class cricket was suspended for the Second World War and when it resumed, English cricket reverted to the six ball over. The 1947 Laws of Cricket allowed six or eight balls depending on the conditions of play. Since the 1979/80 Australian and New Zealand seasons, the six ball over has been used worldwide and the most recent version of the Laws in 2000 only permits six ball overs.	sports
Who will win the Patriots and Colts game this weekend and why?  Colts will win by 6.  Patriots are going to try and run the ball against the Colts just like every other team this year, with Reagor back the run defense should be much improved and again I believe it will come down to who has the ball last.  I think the Colts get an unanswered score to win the game 27-21 with a missed extra point.	sports
are minnows used for fishing turn into Carp?  Mister is right.  Species can't change or morph in one life cycle.  Baby Carp = Big Carp.  Most minnows are called shiners or shad, and are usually a type of bass.	sports
What are the odds for the teams in the World Cup to win the competition?  All teams have equal chances, but it all depends on the readiness and the concentration of the players of each team. But this will only be resolved when the clear squads are given to the public..	sports
Is there a particular reason why you pull for your favorite team in the NHL? For me its mainly because i live in North Carolina. And the canes are in north carolina. Plus the first game i went to it was carolina vs new jersey. It's for the same reason that I pull for Philly teams but it isn't with the same level of loyalty to all the teams. Win or lose, I am a Flyers and Eagles fan. If the Phillies and Sixers ever decide to run their organizations like professional ones and have a plan that includes a championship, then I'll jump on their bandwagon. So, for now, it's Flyers, Eagles, Athletics, Spurs.	sports
do you think that the Texans shoulda picked Reggie Bush instead of Mario Williams?  Absolutely.  Nothing against Mario Williams as he was the best available defensive player.  The Texans needed a spark on offense.  Reggie Bush was a multidimensional weapon that would have caused havoc for defensive coordinators.  He would have also taken some of the pressure off of Carr.	sports
If you were a gun what kind of gun would you be? I would be a M4 carbine with a supressor and scope I would be a 1928 Thompson tommy gun with a fifty round drum ,fully atomatic.	sports
sprained ankle? i have a very minor sprained ankle, how long shou;ld i wait before i start playing sports, excercising(weights), and doing plyometrics again A week to 2 weeks.  I just sprained mine 2 weeks ago and my doctor cleared me.  As long as you ice and elevate it and rest you should be good to go.	sports
How would my 14 year Grandson  progress to a Golf Scolarship?  Obviously training and tons of practice.  And go to a high school with a golf team, join it, and let the coach know, he will try to help him if he is any good...	sports
We have an old fashion stainless steel slide.  What can we do to make it faster?  Pam.	sports
which team will win in fifa 2006 world cup to be held in Germany? give quickly hey guys its Germany ya	sports
who (team) will win the soccer world cup and why? Best players , Tradition, place, etc. brazil\nthey have great players in every position specialy attacking players\nthey also having a great coach	sports
What is better a hot stone massage or a swedish massage?  hot stone massage by far! it feels so good. and since it weighs u down a little it feels so refreshing when they come off	health
protest a peition to commit a family member to mental institution? need more time it depends on what you mean by "commit".....most states will let a doctor petition a court for a 3 day stay while the person is being evaluated, after that there can be a hearing on keeping that person in for much longer, at that point, you can address the court.\n\nHope this helps	health
why do people think is okay to be obese?  It is probably what they have lived with their whole life and think that it is "normal"	health
how to reduce buttocks??  doing squats. Do 5 sets of 3 repitions a day and it will firm your bum. Plus eat a healthy diet.	health
How much does abortion cost??? and how far can i be until i can't get an abortion anymore?  Every clinic charges a different amount. It normally has to be before the 12th week.\nI considered an abortion when I first found out I was pregnant, but decided against it. I now have a beautiful baby girl who I don't think I could live without. Please make your decision very carefully.\n\nOne of my friends sent me this:\n\nMommy, I am only 8 inches long, but I have all my organs. I love the sound of your voice. Every time I hear it, I wave my arms and legs. The sound of your heart beat is my favorite lullaby. \n\n\nMonth Two \nMommy, today I learned how to suck my thumb. If you could see me, you could definitely tell that I am a baby. I'm not big enough to survive outside my home though. It is so nice and warm in here. \n\n\n\nMonth Three \nYou know what Mommy, I'm a boy!! I hope that makes you happy. I always want you to be happy. I don't like it when you cry. You sound so sad. It makes me sad too, and I cry with you even though you can't hear me. \n\n\nMonth Four \nMommy, my hair is starting to grow. It is very short and fine, but I will have a lot of it. I spend a lot of my time exercising. I can turn my head and curl my fingers and toes, and stretch my arms and legs. I am becoming quite good at it too. \n\n\nMonth Five \nYou went to the doctor today. Mommy, he lied to you. He said that I'm not a baby. I am a baby Mommy, your baby. I think and feel. Mommy, what's abortion? \n\n\nMonth Six \nI can hear that doctor again. I don't like him. He seems cold and heartless. Something is intruding my home. The doctor called it a needle. Mommy what is it? It burns! Please make him stop! I can't get away from it! Mommy! HELP me! \n\n\nMonth Seven \nMommy, I am okay. I am in Jesus's arms. He is holding me. He told me about abortion. Why didn't you want me Mommy? \n\n\nEvery Abortion Is Just . . . \n\nOne more heart that was stopped. Two more eyes that will never \nsee. Two more hands that will never touch. Two more legs that will never run. One more mouth that will never speak	health
How can we know about male virginity and how it breaks?  Sorry your question can get no reply because male people just have no virginity, or to precise, they have no organ predisposed for that purpose.\nIn fact, women have the “Hymen” inside the vagina and any intrusion (as well as the penetration during the first sexual act) breaks it unalterably.  \nMen have the penis with no such system and generally, we say that a guy is virgin when he hasn’t have yet a sexual intercourse. Therefore, you can never verify if a guy has already had an intercourse and you have only to trust in what he will tell you!	health
Can anybody do me a favour? TELL YOUR PARENTS OOR SEARCH OOR PLZ TELL ME..HOW TO BE OR GROW TALL............AND IF THE ANSWER IS GROWTH SPURTS DONT BOTHER TELLING ME...IM 14.....AND 1.5 M.......AND I ATLEAST WANT TO GROW A FEW INCHES PLZZ HELP ME....THANX as you said your age is only 14 there is still scope for growth. you contact a good endocrinologist	health
whats your favorite kind of diet? i like to eat 1 apple before every meal so i feel less hungry for other kinds of food Drink lots of water and don't shun carbs, our brain needs them to function! Stick with smart carbs. Stay away from processed foods. Good healthy snacks to keep you going are V-8 juice, lowfat mozzerella sticks and whole wheat pita bread with hummus. That way you feel sustained and don't break down and gorge at meals!\nWhen I cook pasta I make the Barilla Plus, which has 17g protein, 7 g fiber, and 360 mg of Omega 3! Now that is a healthy way to get your pasta. I put veggies in my pasta dishes every chance i get to add some fiber and help fill me up. Bell Peppers are a good choice sliced and mixed in with some chopped chicken breast.\nTry and eat fruits and veggies every chance you can. They are amazingly low in calories and will help fill you up. Good choices are spinach salad, crisp, cold green grapes, and sweet sugar snap peas for snacking on.\nEat lean and low-fat sources of protein at every meal, it should be part of a calorie-controlled diet that's also rich in 'smart carbs' such as fruits, vegetables, and whole grains, along with healthy fats like nuts, seeds, olives, oils, fish, and avocado.\nBe sure to look for protein sources that are nutrient-rich and lower in fat and calories, such as lean meats, beans, soy, and low-fat dairy.\nI think the best diet is the 3 hour diet. \nThe problem with other diets is that they require starving your body of needed calories or carbs, things we need to survive and have proper brain function! When we do that, our body goes into survival mode and doesn't want to burn fat like we want it to! They cause you to lose lean muscle tissue and lean muscle is your metabolism, your resting metabolism.\nIt is well known that high levels of cortisol hormone (which is produced when we cut too many calories & put our body under stress) are closely associated to abdominal fat. Medical research has shown that eating every three hours helps reduce levels of cortisol and that is the key to losing belly fat first.\nBy eating every three hours you lower belly fat, you burn two pounds a week and you prevent muscle loss, which keeps your metabolism active. Then you constantly reset the metabolism so you're constantly burning fat. That's the beauty of what it does, and because there are no bad foods, it brings back the joy of eating.\nThat is what I try to do and recently I learned that there is actually a Yale University endorsed 3-Hour Diet™!\nI could explain how it works, but I'll let the experts do the talking.\nGood Luck!\n\nMango\n\n"The Yale University endorsed 3-Hour Diet™ is about uncovering the buried concept of timing – the fact that when you eat is critical to weight loss. By eating every three hours you’ll constantly set in motion your metabolism™ and lose two pounds a week starting with belly fat first. And you will never have to count calories or ban any foods including carbs.\n\nSo how does the 3-Hour Diet™ work exactly? The answer is found in what we call: Time Based Nutrition™. It’s the future of effective nutrition. Think of it as a new category of nutrition. Forget low-fat or low-carb. It’s the power of combining smart eating with smart timing. Yes, timing. You see, the secret to losing weight and keeping it off has to do with much more than what you eat.\n\nWhy every 3-hours? Countless numbers of research studies have confirmed the power of eating every three hours. What specifically happens if you wait more than 3 hours to eat? Well, after 3 hours your body passes a tipping point and signals your body to launch its natural “starvation protection mechanism” or your SPM. When your SPM is switched on, your body preserves the most calorie-rich tissue in the body to ensure your survival. That tissue is body fat. But there’s even more bad news. This is the most critical point you must never forget about the 3-Hour Diet™: Anytime you allow more than 3 hours to pass without eating, your body not only preserves body fat, but wors	health
on the today tonight program a few months ago there was a story about fruit drink witch fights cancer thanks?  pom juice.  i seen it on oprah  its from the pomagrante(spelling wrong i'm sure) fruit	health
Is there any REAL information on necrophobia online? I am looking for medical information about necrophobia. all i find online is deffinitions and horror films. web	health
Memory Loss/Side Effect? Do the shorter acting tranquilizers (Ativan, Xanax, etc) cause more memory problems as side effect than Valium? Yes they do cause these side effects plus more. All Allopathic Medicines have side effects and all can cause complications. I would suggest that you visit a Good Homeopathic Physician near you for the cure of your sleeping disorder or depression and you will get better faster and totally without any side effects or complications.\nTake Care and God Bless you	health
i had a baby a year ago but i cant get the baby fat off i keep gaining more weight instead of losing it?  	health
My gf is horny!!? What shall i do? have sex with her or if u don't have  a dick go buy a dildo	health
What is the best option for dandruff? Heard about ketoconazole.? Dandruff, what is the remedy for it. My dandruff was caused by an oily scalp.  Special shampoos didn't seem to help, but daily hair washing does.  Most people can't do that, but I can, and must.  If however you can't or don't want to do that, try washing your hair 2-3 times.  The second (or 3rd) time, use very little shampoo.  This should still produce lots of lather.  And if it doesn't, shampoo again.  I start to get flakes again if I don't wash often enough.	health
What is the best, easiet and fastest way to lose weight keeping your body in good shape?  eat less exercize more	health
Why Am I so mean? I am just a mean selfish person, and I am not a good friend.\n  Sometimes I just don't think I belong in this world.\n  Everyone hates me and no one likes me because I am a stupid, selfish lieing brat!!! Why are you so down on  yourself?\nBeing mean to you isn't good either.\nEveryone has something about them that's good. Find that thing about yourself and go make some friends.	health
What is more sensitive.. nitroglycerin or acetone peroxide?? I mean all kinds of sensivity, shock, heat, light and friction.. Ok, thats a bit silly given that nitroglycerine is a liquid, and not really effected by friction.  In everything I've read, acetone peroxide is far more sensitive to any sort of shock than nitroglycerine.  Read about these in the battlefield chemistry sites.	science
Circle Equations? Find an equation of the circle that satisfies the given conditions:\n\nCenter (-1,5); passes through (-4,-6) Circle equations take the form of (x-h)^2+(y-k)^2=r^2, where the center of the circle is at (h,k) and r is the radius.  \nBecause the information tells you where the center of the circle is, you can plug that back into the equation: \n(x-(-1)^2+(y-5)^2=r^2,\nwhich simplifies to (x+1)^2+(y-5)^2=r^2.  \nNow you can plug the into the equation the other point that is given.  \n(-4+1)^2+(-6-5)^2=r^2\nYou can evaluate this to get 130=r^2.  Plug this back into your equation (x-h)^2+(y-k)^2=r^2 to get\n(x+1)^2+(y-5)^2=130.	science
I am looking for a web site that can give me a view of my town and home from space?  On Google, select Maps.  Then type in your town and state.  It will give you a map.  You can select either "Map", "Satellite" or "Hybrid".\n\nFor additional coolness, you can download free software from them called Google Earth.\n\nYou can also get satellite photos on terraserver.\n\nSee links below.	science
What are the scientific products of sour milk? Doing a science project!!! help!! please and thank-you!!!! :):):) Milk is mostly water. There is a sugar, lactose. Lactose is broken down by bacteria into acid. The acid causes the proteins in milk to curdle, or coagulate or denature. The curd is what cottage cheese is made of. The liquid water with dissolved   vitamins and minerals is called whey. It can be used for an animal feed.	science
How do you find the coordinates of a figure?  You must first of all fix a system of coordinates	science
oh my gosh, lik their was this girl who asked what is 6x+12=24, she is so dull; like the answer is 24!!!?  Pretty slick, RED\n\nYou came on pretending that "someone else" had a problem and even gave out a wrong answer on purpose.  Clever!\n\nI can see through that, you just wanted people to give you the right answer without giving you the whole "Do your own homework" speech.\n\nNice! Score one for you.  Unless, of course, I am giving waaaay too much credit for such an ingenious plan.  In which case, x=2, not 24.	science
How do I shrink a denim jacket down half a size? I'd just try to wash it in hot water but that's a tricky thing 'cause i don't want to shrink it too much. It sounds like a silly question but the size before the one I got was a tad tight...I want the jacket to be fitted and right now, it's loose...hmmm:&#92; Heat does not shrink clothing.  Drying it in a dryer will temporarily shrink it from the tumbling action, but heat doesn't do it.\n\nLook up heat shrink clothes or something like that on yahoo and you will see what I mean.	science
can i smash my kidney stones using nano technology instead of urithroscopy?  Not at the moment. Passive nanotech won't help you after the stone is formed, and active nanodevices are still years of development away. \nActually, I doubt that it will be a good idea: nanodevices are poorly equipped for dealing with solid, macroscopic stone. Also, nanodevices may provide *more* centers of crystallization.	science
Why are direct flights from South Africa to Australia quicker than the other way around? Is it only the wind that influence this or are there other factors The earth turns from east to west. So when a plane flies from South Africa to Australia (or from any place to the east) the earth turning is against the direction of the plane which makes the distance decrease and so the time. and it is vice versa for the other way, the plane flies from Australia to South Africa, and the earth turns and moves South Africa in the direction of the plane so it becomes nearer and will take less time to reach.	science
how does water help create features of karst topography?  chemical erosion (dissolving elements from the rocks) deepen the cracks between the rocks creating the pavement effect	science
UFO'S what are they ? Secret advanced earth bound experimental craft? Or visitors from another Galaxy?\nHave a look at this I peronally think it's the best ever video taken of a UFO \nWhat do you think?\n\nhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FtKuBKIaVvs&mode=related&search= First of all take into account that nothing is impossible ;on the other hand do you think we are the sole inhabited planet in so many Universes ? When there are millions of...Galaxies, contain ing millions of Stars and 5llions of Planets, why, some of them do\ncontain a logical life form....! And why shouldn't have been advan ced in a way to minimize distances and exceeding our civilization\n ???\n Do you think US Pentagon hasn't caught some of them,studied them and...manufactured replicas ? Do you think they'd come out\nrevealing people about their break through??????????\n Why not being tolerant and accepting-even-the-theoretically--im possible????\n (we'll all feel much better!)\n Ciao.......John-John.	science
where does a violet come from originally? m v Violet is a constituent of White Light\nThe Refraction of Light and Dispersion of lIght is in the pattern of VIBGYROR (V for Violet)	science
Can categorical variables like 'sex' have Confidence Intervals ??  You can't have an interval, like Male +/- (What?).  You can have a confidence, like 75% probability that respondant is male.	science
why and how men stay without shirt while women cannot?  Woman have organs on their chest's- large glands, the mammory glands that produce milk when they have a baby. These are the breasts (Slang: Knockers, T!ts, Boobs, Rack). The breasts are considered to be a private part on women, and I am not sure precisely why. By law, your private parts must be covered in public to avoid legal prosecution under indecent exposure laws. Mens breasts, which are much smaller and do not produce milk, are not considered private, so men are permitted so be seen without a shirt.	science
Who discovered the double helical model of DNA??  Watson and Crick got the credit, but Rosalind Franklin was actually the person who made the discovery.\n\nFranklin was a very meticulous researcher, and she suspected the structure was a double helix. Franklin's research advisor apparently wasn't keen on women in the lab, and showed some of Franklin's best data to Francis Crick without Franklin's knowledge or permission. It's not clear that Watson and Crick would have correctly predicted the double helix without Franklin's data.\n\nSadly, Franklin died of cancer before the Nobel prize was awarded to Watson and Crick. Had she lived, it's extremely likely she would have shared the prize.	science
Please predict microbial growth under the following conditions...? cold dishwater, left for one night.\nday old coffee, sat at STP one day. Hmmm... judging by your interest in cleaning products and dishwashing detergents, I'm guessing you're in that industry or just a student looking for some answers for a project.\n\n-Insufficient data - \nAre you referring to dishwater in a more sterile kitchen or a dirty restaurant?  Is the piping clean or are we talking rusty piping?  Filtered water or non filtered water? Hmmm... so, at STP you want to figure out this. \n\nHere's what you would need.  First figure out the type of microbes that would typically exist in your sink.  Or if you don't have one, get some kind of bacteria.  Take the whole thing, perform your experiment.  Take some water samples.  Finally, send the water samples to a lab immediately for a count.  You could get a concentration of microbes per given volume.  My advice -- it's all I can do.	science
Have you heard Buckcherry's new song, "Crazy Bi*ch"? This song is definitly one that will stick with you and you can't help but like.  Even if some of the lyrics are a little trashy.   You've gotta hear it!!  If you have, what do you think of it? how can truth be trashy..lol..i love buckcherry..and i know alot of ex's that have gotten requests played on their behalf..lol..they wrote that tune for all us males(RIGHT)..the song .NEXT 2 YOU..by them is also a great song.	entertainment and Music
Is anyone else offended by the Flight93 movie? If yes why, if no, why not.?  I am neither offended, or applauding it.\n\nI don't really see how they have that much factual information already to create a movie, though.	entertainment and Music
boy band lead singer? named Nicky Perhaps  you are asking for 98 Degrees' lead singer Nick Lachey?????	entertainment and Music
celebrities need a friend??? poor sods, with all the bad press, stories about love dilemas or drug/acohol abuse who would you give a helping hand to and help get their life back on track. Since our society has got rid of God, we have turned these people into icons and are encouraged to worship them by the tabloids etc...It's far better to have it like that though because the media can create them, use them to sell goods by advertising with them, and destroy them, shifting loads of newspapers in the process.\n\nThey enjoy their few days of fame and languish in the spotlight, sure it gives them loads of money and attention, but look at the cost and ask yourself, \n\nWhat is it about someone that wants everyone to know them?  \n\nMaybe they are a bit lacking in the first place.	entertainment and Music
how do you creat your own videos.?  Since you put on Animation and Comic section, I think you are talking about how to make an animation... Well there is many diffrent ways, I only know about Adobe Director. This is great software to make an animation. However, Software's price is really expensive.	entertainment and Music
Deliverance is an odd movie.  Did you watch it? The squeal like a pig scene is pretty disturbing, but it was the panicked reaction to killing the miscreant that seemed out of place.\n\nI mean, killing those miscreants was the right thing to do, so why so upset about it? in that particular moment, I dont believe tha they were upset for killing those men because they were in fear for their lives.  I think at that moment fear had basically taken over all emotions at the time since one man was just as scared as the other.  Burt Reynolds saved their hides in that scene and the acting performance done by Jon Voight, Ned Beatty, and even the two hillbillies was in my opinion why it won the Academy Award for best picture.  I assure you, go back and watch that part again and you will notice it more each time you watch it, they are crying because of the fear that was bottled up and the fact that they believed they were going to die.  Excellent movie the only thing I didnt like about it was it gave banjo players like me a bad stereotype.  I have all my teeth by the way.	entertainment and Music
Cupid's Chokehold? I thought this song was called "Cupid's Chokehold" by, gym class heroes. But I cant find it on iTunes. So if anyone could give my the real name and artist that would be great. That is the right name.  Give me your email, I'll email you the song. I have it.\n\nSWTDL11552@yahoo.com	entertainment and Music
Ladies...do you like it when men open doors for you?  Yes, absolutely.	entertainment and Music
Which Meg Cabot book do you like the most?  I always love the guy next door.	entertainment and Music
is nicole coco austin a pornstar? wife of ice-t who cares?	entertainment and Music
Smashed Gladys? Anyone out there got a CD copy or MP3 copy of "Social Intercourse"? And if so, how do I get one over here in the UK? In 9 hours not one solitary person has answered this question.  That's just sad.  Go here, there's a poop load of them for sale...and some even ship to the UK.\n\nhttp://search.ebay.com/smashed-gladys_W0QQfkrZ1QQfnuZ1	entertainment and Music
exactly how many  maximum movies can you get from Netflix in one week?  Go to their web site www.netflix.com and look at the types of plans you can get.  I love netflix.	entertainment and Music
just read this follow facts, it's good? did u know:\n\n- that the only animal that has a gold in its body is the girafee under its eyelid.\n\n\n- that no twins had been born in australia for 40 years.\n\n\n- that all the people who live in Osaca (in japan) was born in the daylight no one at night for 70 years.\n\n\n- that holland's flag was designed by the brazillian player Junior.\n\n\n\n- that india does not have salt in it and take it from the sea.\n\n\n\n- that the blood of wolves are a basic contents of Lipton tea. \n\nSource(s):\n\n\n\n\ndid u know that all the above is Bullshit!\ncomon u believed it. GOTCHA!! hahahahahaha, really it's funny, hahahahahah.	entertainment and Music
does anbody else fancy david tennant? Doctor Who man,Geeky or sexy?? I fancy him with chocolate spread on ;-) You can throw in Billie too, she's a fox :-D	entertainment and Music
A DJ's responsibility? This morning I was listening to a radio (in California) and a young DJ ask the question......."who won as the Governer of the United States" I thought he was joking but he was serious.....he thought Arnold Swatznegger was the Governer for the entire united states, and that the mayor of LA county was the mayor for New York, Chicago etc........He was informed on air how it works.......\n\nHe then went on to say he doesnt know the system because he cant vote because hes a convicted felon, he just found out last week in front of Albertson's grocery store.......\n\nShould there be a level of responsibility for radio personalities, so we dont give the wrong message to the youth listening ? well dont worry about what the youth are going to hear on the radio. its not like they listen to it that much in reality. as compared to the lyrics they have on the ablums they are buying...  and the new age cartoons designed for mature audiences.. which does not mean that their 3 yrs old little brother is not watching at the same time his older bros' and sisters are, why not its a cartoon in fact.... and they have some weird stuff on tv... really weird. people putting gerbils in ungodly cavity's- kids batting off with condoms on... what about south park ?  do you know that the CIA own fox tv.... lol... that all profit made from coca cola , KFC and mac donalds go back to isreal to buy weapons... many more brands than this...   the real problem is that we are slowly being programmed to be immune to the crap that is on tv.. remember in the 60's how psycho would of made you poop ya pants... but now......... you be thinking quick change the channel .. that is some boring crap....  so it gets back to being decensortised? if thats how you spell it... lol....  its the new age society the governments are breeding and they are now starting with the youth of today who will be the adults of tomorrow..  when you think you are paying too much taxs... your health system is being a shambles.. and you hear of the middle east what a horror it is... remember this one point.. Dubai.. has 1% interest.... crime rate is 0 ... and its one of the cleanest cities in the world.... and more over populated becasue of the influx of the immigrants who flock to it becasue of the higher paying wages. and why is everything so cheap over there... seems to me.... our governments in the west are dictating to much ideals..... that they want us to follow.. to make them more powerful and take our own rights away from us....  and put crap on all the other countries who are less.. i will have to even say.. that indonesia (bali) is abotu 6 times cheaper than australia for the same name brand items...  and why .... again because our society is riping us off.... and it all starts with the chocolates that are packed low at the counter at the supermarket right at kids eye levels..... the media...... and you.. because you have choices..... and you choose...... your own way of life... you can say no........ just do it...  actually nike is one of them company;s that support isreal also...	entertainment and Music
what jubilee would 40th year be? and what material?  hi! see this page: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1966\nhere you can find almost anything what you want to know about 1966 (40 years ago)\nhave a nice day :)\nbye	entertainment and Music
