In 2014, the firm said it aimed to employ 700 people in the city by 2019. The new target is for 1,000 by 2020. That will make Belfast the firm's largest UK base outside London. The firm currently has 460 employees in Northern Ireland, with 43 apprentices due to start in September. The bulk of the new jobs will be in the firm's technology business. The 2014 announcement included a Â£2.6m grant from Invest NI but the revised plans will not involve any more public money. The firm operates from two offices in Belfast and is talking to developers with a view to leasing a new building. First Minister Arlene Foster said Deloitte's move to increase its workforce "is a strong endorsement of Northern Ireland's dynamic economy". "Deloitte is making this commitment based on the talent and quality of staff in Belfast and it is a clear indicator of the confidence that the firm has in Northern Ireland," she added. Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness said: "Deloitte is delivering on its recruitment plans and is also in the process of securing new grade A office accommodation." Nick Owen, Deloitte's UK chairman, said the firm's decision to expand in Belfast showed that the city is "a great place to do business and a hotbed of talent". He added: "It also demonstrates our continued commitment to social mobility as a core part of our talent strategy and our desire to continue to further deliver on this commitment in Northern Ireland."	Deloitte, the professional services firm, has said the expansion of its Belfast operation will create 300 more jobs than originally planned.
Gubbins was dropped on 22 but reached his ton off 191 balls on day one at Lord's after the hosts slumped to 97-4. Pace bowler Jack Brooks (3-45) continued his fine form for Yorkshire, trapping Sam Robson and Nick Compton lbw before bowling Stevie Eskinazi. Middlesex collected their first bonus point before bad light ended play at 208-5, with Gubbins still there on 120. Victory over the White Rose county will hand Middlesex the title for the first time since 1993. But third-placed Somerset are now just eight points behind after reaching 322-9 against relegated Nottinghamshire at Taunton and picking up three batting bonus points. Under overcast skies in London, Yorkshire chose not to contest the toss and gave their four pace bowlers a chance to make early inroads. Brooks claimed two quick scalps as Robson departed for a duck and Compton left a straight ball that jagged back in before David Willey bowled Dawid Malan via an inside edge to reduce the hosts to 57-3. Despite the testing conditions, 22-year-old Gubbins remained assured at the crease - despite being put down at point by Azeem Rafiq, who has signed a contract extension for next summer - and was particularly strong on the off side as he rebuilt Middlesex's innings. He shared half-century stands with John Simpson and James Franklin and having grafted to reach 96, Gubbins opened his shoulders to pull Ryan Sidebottom over the square leg boundary for six to reach three figures. Shortly after Yorkshire took the new ball, the teams were taken off as the light deteriorated with 14 overs lost. Middlesex batsman Nick Gubbins said: "I'll remember this knock for a long time but there's still plenty of work to do in the morning. "I don't know what's going on at Taunton. Somerset have had a good day, it will be an interesting finish from what I hear. "We can only focus on what we do, whatever happens, happens - it's going to be a fun week of county cricket. "It's been pretty steady, let's see how day three and four goes. We can't look too far ahead, Yorkshire need to win as well." Yorkshire coach Jason Gillespie said: "I thought we bowled really well all day. It would be nice to take the chances when they come though. "The disciplines were excellent - you just have to look at the run rate. We'll bowl worse than that and be rewarded better. "At the end of the day you've got to take the chances when they come - three they should have taken. "The lads work really hard at their fielding, but it's not ideal to shell them on a day like today. "We can't worry about what happens at Somerset too much - we've got to concentrate on what we're doing here. We've got a new ball tomorrow, and it will do a little bit off the surface early. "We feel we can create a few chances - but we've got to take them."	Nick Gubbins' century left Championship leaders Middlesex's game with second-placed Yorkshire finely poised.
Charlotte Eades, who died in February at the age of 19, was diagnosed with glioblastoma when she was 16. Her YouTube channel, where she discussed the difficulties of dealing with her illness, has received almost 750,000 views. Cancer charity CLIC Sargent also  made a short film about Ms Eades. Her mother, Alex Eades, and her 21-year-old brother Miles have set off from Eastbourne to walk the South Downs Way to Winchester and back in 16 days. They want to raise money to fund research and clinical trials into glioblastoma, the most common and aggressive form of brain cancer in adults. Mr Eades said the walk was "quite a big task". "Hopefully we can advance, through our fundraising and subsequent research, the treatment for glioblastoma so it's not quite so traumatic and life-ending," said Mr Eades. Her mother, from Brighton, said Ms Eades would be "very proud". "I think just carrying on her memory would mean an awful lot to her," she said.	The mother and brother of a teenage vlogger who died from a brain tumour are walking 200 miles (321km) to raise funds for research into treatment.
The authority expects a £14m funding cut next year - part of a £38m budget gap - alongside "rising demand" for social care and other services. The council said schools and social services will be prioritised, in line with feedback from the public. Council leader Rob Stewart said it was responding to "unprecedented times". He said the authority had made "significant savings" in recent years, with £50m of reductions in the last two, but "more needed to be done" to close the gap. "Austerity is not over and the money we receive from the government is falling at a time when demand for our services is rising," he added. "Every area of the council will be affected by reductions in funding, but we've made schools and social services our priority in line with the public's views." Swansea is also looking to save millions more by streamlining its administration and back-office services and by generating additional income to help pay for services. Mr Stewart said that without spending cuts, it would take a 100% increase in council tax to bridge the funding gap in the next few years. "That's not fair and no-one would support it," he added. Consultations on the budget proposals, involving the public and staff, will begin after the cabinet meets next week. The council said it had given a commitment to "minimise" redundancies.	Spending on environmental and cultural services may be significantly cut as Swansea council tries to save more than £90m in the next three years.
Flamingo Land has written to North Yorkshire County Council about the application to extract shale gas near Kirby Misperton in Ryedale. The park's letter said it had "concern for our beloved, and in many cases critically endangered, animal collection's welfare." Third Energy said the letter seemed "to be based on a misconception". More on this and other North Yorkshire stories The company said the park may have misunderstood how water was to be re-used at the site. It lies about a mile (1.6km) from the village where the theme park is based. The theme park's letter said it "remained in favour of job and wealth creation" but it feared the application could lead to extra wells being created which would negatively affect tourism. It also said it had health concerns for local residents and park visitors. Flamingo Land declined to comment any further. Rasik Valand, chief executive of Third Energy, said: "Flamingo Land can be reassured that Third Energy would do nothing that would cause any harm to that much-loved business." Extra wells would depend on exploration being "consistently successful" and proof of the presence of gas in the region, he added. A decision on the application is to be taken on 20 May, the county council has said. The county council's decision was expected last November but was delayed after the authority requested more information from Third Energy. Environmental permits have already been granted to Third Energy by the Environment Agency. The authority previously said it had received more than 4,000 representations about the proposals.	A theme park has expressed worry for the welfare of its "beloved" animals if fracking is allowed at a nearby site.
Wing James conceded a try from an intercepted pass against Scarlets on Friday, but his break then set up Alex Cuthbert for the winning score. The 28-year-old won the last of his 10 Wales caps in 2010. "He's playing really well and I'd like to think he has given some selection headaches [to Wales]," Wilson said. "He's been outstanding for a number of games for us this season and credit to him, he threw an intercept pass that he'd be disappointed with, but the game he had after that was superb." Having been in the international wilderness for five seasons, James was a surprise inclusion in Wales' World Cup training squad. But a foot injury meant he was unable to train over the summer and he was eventually released to his region in early August for further treatment. He was fit enough to start the first game of the Pro12 season for the Blues, scoring a try against Zebre, but limped off after 38 minutes and was out for the next eight weeks. James has been ever present since his comeback in late October, adding another four tries and catching the eye on several occasions. With just over a month to go until the start of the Six Nations, James' latest fine display came in front of Wales assistant coach Rob Howley at the Arms Park. He made the crucial break down the left flank before Cuthbert burrowed his way over the tryline to give the Blues a shock 29-27 win over Pro12 leaders Scarlets. "Tom James played particularly well," said Howley. "When he had the ball he created opportunities and looks quite sharp." Howley said he had also been impressed by the performance of Rhys Patchell, who converted Cuthbert's try to secure victory. "He's a young talent," he said of the twice-capped 22-year-old fly-half or full-back. "He controlled the game in the second half and landed a superb conversion from the touchline. He's got a great kicking game and the ability to put others in space."	Tom James has enhanced his hopes of a Wales recall with "outstanding" form in recent weeks, according to Cardiff Blues coach Danny Wilson.
Holyrood's public audit committee quizzed SPA management over claims of a "secret society" on its board and meetings held behind closed doors. One MSP told bosses that "it's not the Kremlin you're running", while another asked if the group was fit for purpose. SPA chairman Andrew Flanagan insisted the body had made "substantial" progress over the last year. The Scottish government has now asked Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary in Scotland (HMICS) to speed up its investigation of transparency within the authority. The chief inspector, Derek Penman, will now deliver his report within a month rather than later this year. A new governance framework was agreed by the SPA board after a review by Mr Flanagan, commissioned by the justice secretary, which led to some committee meetings being held in private and board papers only being made available on the day of the meeting. Mr Flanagan came under fire after he admitted he did not pass on a letter from the police watchdog questioning governance arrangements to other SPA board members. Concerns were also raised over the handling of the resignation of one board member, who quit amid a row over meetings being held behind closed doors. SNP MSP Alex Neil told Mr Flanagan that "it's not the Kremlin you are running", saying the issue of the letter from HM Inspector of Constabulary in Scotland Derek Penman raised questions over whether "decisions are being effectively made in private and nodded through in public". He said "surely to goodness" the letter should have gone to every board member, saying not to pass it on "breaches every rule in the book". He said: "We have this secret society inside the board...deciding on transparency of governance and the whole thing is done without public knowledge, without people out there being able to hold this board to account, because this is all done deliberately behind closed doors to undermine the very principles of transparency and accountability that the review the cabinet secretary set up was designed to address." Other members were also very critical of Mr Flanagan, with Labour's Monica Lennon questioning whether he was a "control freak" who didn't seem to accept there were problems with the system and who treated other board members like "infants". Labour's Jackie Baillie said there was a "culture of secrecy" within the SPA, while Tory member Ross Thomson said there seemed to be "convenient collective amnesia" and suggested the organisation was "not fit for purpose". He also questioned whether Mr Flanagan had considered his position, to which the chairman replied: "I believe that I am doing an effective job." On his failure to share the letter, he said the issues had been "well trailed" and were "well known", saying he "didn't think it was necessary to circulate the letter itself". He also denied that he did not acknowledge problems within the SPA, saying concerns had been "discussed fully" and "understood and noted". Addressing the issue of whether the SPA was fit for purpose, he said: "I think we've made a number of substantial movements within the last 12 months based on the governance review. "I think we are becoming more effective, I think it is important that we recognise that there is already a high and significant degree of openness through the public board meetings that we have which are second to none in terms of public bodies in Scotland. "In terms of progress, [the 2026 policing strategy] represents the first time that we have had a clear direction of travel for policing in Scotland. "I think we are on a journey. Is it perfect? No, it's not perfect, but I think in the last 12 months or so there have been significant steps forward. "I think we need to make sure that the board meetings aren't perfunctory or rubber-stamping, I think we need to have open discussion at those board meetings." Justice Secretary Michael Matheson later confirmed that a request had been made to HMICS to bring forward its transparency investigation. Mr Matheson said: "Openness and transparency are of the utmost importance to a public body such as the SPA so I welcome the proposed changes to their approach to committee meetings. "However, given the level of interest in these matters I am seeking further assurance that all that can be done is being done. "That is why I have written to HMICS asking them to bring forward part of their planned statutory inspection into the operation of the authority, scheduled for later this year, which relates to transparency. I look forward to receiving their findings in due course."	MSPs have strongly criticised Scottish Police Authority (SPA) bosses over transparency and governance.
Julie Wadsworth, who has told her trial she is body conscious, starred in the "Naughty but Nice" calendar posing as Lady Godiva in one shot. She and her husband Tony are on trial at Warwick Crown Court accused of assaulting seven boys in the 1990s. Mrs Wadsworth accepts having sexual encounters with "young men" but has repeatedly denied they were children. Giving evidence in her defence on Thursday, Mrs Wadsworth claimed she still suffered low body confidence. But Miranda Moore QC, prosecuting, suggested she had "courted publicity". She asked: "You would have photographs taken as what I would describe as saucy poses, wouldn't you?" Asked about the charity calendar, Mrs Wadsworth said "it was a Children in Need calendar called 'Naughty but Nice', sold to listeners to raise donations". Mrs Moore asked: "You were somebody who was very happy to do a Calendar Girl-style calendar, and weren't body conscious at all as long as it passed the standards of the BBC?" The defendant replied: "It was no different to that [Calendar Girls], it was not salacious at all." The couple previously worked for BBC Leicester and Birmingham-based BBC WM. Complainants have claimed they were approached and propositioned by Mrs Wadsworth wearing white stockings near woodland, while Mr Wadsworth allegedly kept watch. Mrs Wadsworth said she hated white stockings, but did own a pair of long white socks worn in a "Jennifer Aniston-style" as "a bit of fun" at Christmas. However, when presented with prosecution evidence, she also accepted wearing "a dress and stockings" for her and her husband's Late Show BBC programme entitled "Julie's Christmas Stocking". Mrs Wadsworth was then asked about alleged sexual activity in the woods with a male she claimed encountered the married couple while they were "petting" in the trees. She said: "We didn't say no, and when he walked forward we accepted that it was all of the moment, of sexual arousal. "We were in a situation, he came forward and it happened." Mrs Wadsworth later claimed she was a "victim" of the process, adding: "The reason I use the word victim is because I am being victimised for something I did not do." Asked about another encounter involving what the prosecution claim were three children, Mrs Wadsworth accepted the incident happened but denied they were underage. She said: "No, they weren't boys, they were men - I can tell by the way they looked, they were 17 or older." The couple, from Broughton Astley, Leicestershire, deny five counts of outraging public decency which allege they engaged in sexual activity "against a tree" in view of others between July 1992 and June 1996. Mrs Wadsworth, has pleaded not guilty to 11 charges of indecent assault, while her 69-year-old husband denies nine counts of the same offence.	A former BBC host accused of child sex offences posed nearly naked for a charity calendar, a court has heard.
Amanda McCabe followed Claire Smith around Dundee before boxing her in her vehicle in a car park and punching her. McCabe claimed she had been travelling to a specialist wool shop in Dundee and had followed Ms Smith coincidentally. Sheriff John Rafferty told her to bring "several knitted items" to court on her sentencing date to prove her skills. Her lawyer promised to take them to a charity shop "to help the needy". The court heard that Ms Smith and a friend were driving on Dundee's Kingsway when MCabe entered from a slip road. Depute fiscal John Adams said: "Ms Smith was not very impressed with the accused's driving and made her feelings known." Ms Smith was followed by McCabe, before entering a car park to perform a u-turn. McCabe boxed in Ms Smith's car before opening her door and punching her on the face. McCabe, 47, of Dundee, admitted assaulting Ms Smith on 8 January. Solicitor advocate Jim Laverty, defending, said: "Your lordship chose a unique approach to this from the sewing box. "As a result she was the target of abuse on social media, where everyone can have an opinion and express it in writing. "She was made out to be some kind of Madame Defarge character from A Tale of Two Cities." Sheriff John Rafferty told McCabe at an earlier hearing: "If you are a skilled knitter then I am sure that you could produce some goods for charity. "You will bring to court several items that you have knitted that you are prepared to donate to a charity shop." He admonished McCabe at the latest hearing and told her: "I gave you an opportunity to make reparation to society and you did so at no cost to the public purse."	A road rage driver ordered to knit items to avoid a harsher sentence has been admonished after a sheriff told her he was satisfied with her efforts.
Laverty was able to walk away from the incident, which happened with six laps to go after his bike collided with Alex Lowe's Yamaha and burst into flames as it span off the track. Ducati's Chaz Davies was the winner as officials quickly halted the race. Jonathan Rea came second to maintain his lead in the world championship. Laverty appeared to be attempting an overtaking manoeuvre when the front wheel of his Milwaukee Aprilia came into contact with Lowe's bike. The Antrim native attempted to stay on the track but his bike spun out of control and Laverty managed to jump clear before it skidded across the gravel trap and burst into flames when it collided with the crash barrier. The fire was quickly under control and Laverty was helped to his feet and taken to the medical centre for a check-up. The incident resulted in red flags at the start of lap 13, meaning Davies was awarded his second race victory of the season. The Welshman had already been in control after a blistering start had taken him over six seconds clear of Rea, the reigning world champion, with Marco Melandri in third. Rea, who started in third place on the grid, overtook Melandri during the early stages to pick up more championship points and the Kawasaki Racing Team rider is now 71 points clear of his team-mate Tom Sykes. "It was a great day for me," Rea said after claiming a podium finish. "It's probably the best position I could have hoped for today, given the track." "Chaz and his team deserved the win. Today was a difficult one of us and hopefully tomorrow can be a little bit better." The riders will return to action on Sunday with their second race of the weekendd taking place at 1pm local time at Imola.	A high-speed crash involving Northern Ireland's Eugene Laverty brought a premature end to race one of the World Superbikes in Imola.
The teenager fell about 20ft (6m) at Cullercoats Bay, North Tyneside, at about 17:20 BST, emergency services said. He was given a blood transfusion by medics from the Great North East Air Ambulance and put into an induced coma. He was flown to Newcastle's Royal Victoria Infirmary where his condition on arrival was "serious but stable".	A 13-year-old boy has suffered serious head and leg injuries after falling from a cliff.
St Andrews University academic Nathan Bailey, 34, admitted responsibility for the crash on the M9 that claimed the life of Ronald Highcock. The 83-year-old died in hospital in May 2013, three weeks after the motorway collision near Bridge of Allan. Bailey was sentenced to 200 hours of unpaid work and a one-year driving ban. Mr Highcock and his wife were travelling home from their wedding anniversary dinner on 28 April when the crash happened near junction 10 of the dual carriageway. Bailey's Renault Clio hit the side of Mr Highcock's Citroen Saxo, which was travelling at about 40-45mph, causing both cars to crash off the road and down an embankment. Mr Highcock's car crashed head-on into a tree, and he had to be cut free by fire crews. He managed to give a statement to police at Forth Valley Royal Hospital before he died, succumbing to chest injuries sustained in the crash and a secondary cause of heart disease on 20 May. American citizen Bailey, of Dundee, pleaded guilty to causing death by careless driving at Stirling Sheriff Court. Defence advocate Gavin Anderson submitted a number of defences of Bailey's character, including a letter from his professor at the university's school of biology describing him as "one of the leading researchers in the world" in his field. Sheriff William Gilchrist said it was "clear" the crash had resulted from Bailey's failure to notice Mr Highcock's car was travelling on the motorway at "a slow rate". He said: "This was clearly a tragic incident. "Not only was it a tragedy for the deceased and his family, it is also clear that the accident has had a profound impact on you. "I am satisfied this was a case of careless driving involving inattention and having regard to that, and your lack of record, and to your genuine remorse and your lack of aggravating factors I will impose a 12-month community payback order."	A leading scientist who admitted causing a car crash which killed a retired headmaster has been sentenced to community service.
Warren, 35, reached halfway in 30 shots, with four birdies and an eagle, and a nine-under total put him two clear of Thai Phachara Khongwatmai. Khongwatmai, 17, playing in only his seventh European Tour event shot a 65 at Saujana Golf and Country Club. The teenager is one stroke ahead of a group of six which includes England's US Masters champion Danny Willett. Warren, a three-time winner on the European Tour, nearly lost his playing card last year but a fifth-place finish at the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship in October set up a strong end to 2016. He overcame a missed cut at last week's Dubai Desert Classic to card four birdies and an eagle on his opening nine holes, before adding back-nine birdies on 12, 14 and 17 in his bogey-free round. "I got off to a really nice start, six under for the first nine holes," said Warren. "Once the wind picked up on the back nine it was just a case of staying solid and hitting the greens. "More of the same tomorrow. My iron play was very good today and recently I have been making a lot of birdies but a lot of mistakes as well. It was nice to get around without a bogey. "Last week I made 11 birdies in two days and missed the cut so it's just a matter of trying to keep the positive stuff going, making the birdies, and cutting out the slack stuff which was good today."	Scotland's Marc Warren compiled a fine 63 to seize an early lead in the Maybank Championship in Kuala Lumpur.
More than 100 police officers from Thames Valley Police carried out raids at eight properties across the city. One more man, aged 34 and of no fixed abode, has since been arrested. About 60 incidents are being investigated. Police said alleged offences included rape, sexual grooming and indecent assault on girls from 1999 to 2007. Det Supt Joe Kidman described the raids at 06:00 BST as part of a "complex investigation". The alleged offences all involve female victims. The men arrested are aged between 29 and 45. Searches are continuing at the addresses with neighbourhood patrols expected in the area throughout the day. Thames Valley Police said that the arrests were part of "a stand-alone separate investigation" from Operation Bullfinch, in which seven men were jailed in June 2013 for crimes including child rape and trafficking. "I understand today's events will have an impact on the community and residents will be concerned about the nature of these arrests," Det Supt Kidman said. "This is an ongoing investigation. Tackling child sexual exploitation is an absolute priority for Thames Valley Police and this complex investigation and arrests today demonstrate this. "We would encourage all victims of child sexual exploitation to come forward and speak to us in confidence. We will listen to you and we will support you."	Eight men were arrested in a series of dawn raids in Oxford on suspicion of offences related to child sexual exploitation.
But she said there could be room for negotiation with Norway having restrictions on movement. The party leader told Plaid's conference that the UK should keep free trade with Europe so Wales' economy does not suffer after Brexit. Leanne Wood said 200,000 Welsh jobs depend on being in the single market. She called for a Welsh seat at the negotiating table on the terms of leaving the EU, and suggested there was an "opportunity" for new powers and even an independent Wales. "Plaid Cymru accepts the referendum result," she said. "Our red line at all times is the Welsh economy", she said, calling for a "soft Brexit". "Plaid Cymru will never sign off or endorse something that is bad for Wales. We cannot accept that a majority of people in this country would have wanted to do that." Ms Wood, speaking on BBC Radio Four's Today Programme, said questions of immigration and the single market were "not on the ballot paper" at the EU referendum. "I've been speaking to a number of key players in the Welsh economy and they're all telling me that tariffs and being outside the EU's regulatory regime would be damaging to them," she said. When asked if the UK should stay in the single market and keep freedom of movement, she said: "Well I think we'd have to. "I've been to Brussels and spoke to officials there and they are very clear about the freedom of movement of goods, trade and people all coming as a package." But she added: "That's not to say there isn't some room for negotiation. Norway have some restrictions on free movement there - you have to have a job before you can go to Norway." Free movement of people allows citizens of EU countries to live and work across the 28 member states. In her keynote speech to delegates in Llangollen on Saturday, Ms Wood outlined a three-point plan to protect Welsh interests when the UK leaves the European Union. She called for all four UK nations to be involved in negotiations, and claimed people in communities that voted Leave have been "left behind". Ms Wood accused Prime Minister Theresa May of joining in the "toxic" debate on immigration, refugees and free movement. "I consider myself to be a Welsh European but I am also a global citizen," she told the conference. Ms Wood said new powers or a federal UK, all the way to an independent Wales, could be available. Delegates were told that Plaid Cymru's budget deal with Labour would help Wales but it still needed an alternative government. "We are not seeking a coalition with the Labour Party," she said. Speak to Plaid members in Llangollen at their autumn conference about the departure of the former leader Lord Dafydd Elis-Thomas and Plaid Labour relations at the assembly and you are likely to get different views. Mention Brexit, and the party has the luxury of being entirely at one. I say luxury because, having been to both the UK Conservative and Labour conferences, harmony on a Brexit policy can be difficult to come by. The message time and again from the conference floor has been to warn of the dangers for the Welsh economy of leaving the single market. More from Nick	Britain would have to keep free movement of people in order to stay in the single market, Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood has said.
The German Mercedes driver made the admission ahead of the hottest race of the season in Malaysia this weekend, when temperatures are set to soar well beyond 30 degrees Celsius. Rosberg wants to avoid sweat trickling into his eyes in the humid conditions. "I put [a sanitary towel] on my head to take up the sweat," he said. Cockpit temperatures can reach around 50 degrees Celsius during the Malaysian race in Sepang, where drivers on average can lose up to 4kg in fluid. Rosberg was pictured donning a regular headband when climbing one of Kuala Lumpur's Petronas Towers earlier this week. Asked about the sweatband by Sky Sports, he said: "I have an issue with my eye when I sweat a lot so that is what the headband is for." He then went on to admit he uses a "sort of" headband in his helmet. "It is my trick, but I can tell you..." he added, before making his eye-opening admission.	Nico Rosberg has come up with a novel solution to the heat of a Formula 1 cockpit - he's taken to wearing a sanitary towel on his forehead.
It will be an "absolute" cap, based on the way limits for pre-payment meters have worked since the beginning of April. The party has rejected the idea of a relative cap, which would limit the difference between the cheapest fixed-price deal and the more expensive Standard Variable Tariff (SVT) to, say, 6%. That model was particularly controversial, as critics said suppliers would simply increase the price of fixed-rate deals, to maintain the differential with SVTs. The idea of any form of capping was rejected by the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) last summer. However, when it issued its final report, the CMA admitted its members were divided on the issue. If the Conservatives win the election, the regulator Ofgem would be asked to introduce a price cap along the lines of one introduced in April to cap prices on households with pre-payment meters. Currently 16% of consumers are forced to buy their energy in advance, usually because their credit rating is poor. The CMA ordered a cap on their charges because such households do not benefit from the competition that exists for all other consumers. Under this system, the CMA has come up with an initial maximum figure for prices in each region of the UK, usually in line with the cheapest existing pre-payment meter tariff. That number is adjusted every six months, taking into account wholesale energy costs, inflation, environmental obligations and the cost of transporting energy around the network. But the CMA has always stressed that the pre-payment meter cap is temporary. By the time every home has a smart meters installed, it expects competition between suppliers to be working properly. As a result this cap is due to expire in 2020. The cap is also designed to allow suppliers to price below the level of the cap if they want to. However, critics say that suppliers would be likely to increase their prices up to the level of the cap. "In New Zealand, a price cap resulted in price bunching up around the cap, and a loss of competition," said Iain Conn, chief executive of British Gas owner Centrica. He also said that a cap in Spain resulted in a shortfall in infrastructure spending, which had to be plugged by the government. An absolute cap would be fundamentally different to the controls advocated by Labour leader Ed Miliband in the run-up to the 2015 election. He had proposed a price freeze for just 20 months. As far as we know, the Tory cap would be permanent. Consumer groups are generally opposed to the idea of any sort of cap, as it would tend to give consumers a false sense of security. Householders might think they are getting a good deal, so would make even less effort to switch suppliers. "They're really difficult to get to work in practice," says Richard Neudegg, head of regulation at comparison site Uswitch. He also believes that a cap would create higher prices in the long term, and entrench the position of the big six suppliers. At the end of its two-year enquiry the CMA rejected the idea of a price cap on standard variable tariffs, saying that a cap would run an "excessive risk" of undermining the competition process. Nevertheless the economist Martin Cave, a member of the enquiry, argued that a broader cap was necessary "to address the scale of detriment" because millions of the poorest consumers are still paying too much for their gas and electricity. In December 2016 Ofgem said that 66% of consumers were still on expensive SVTs, and paying up to Â£260 a year too much. Since then, five of the big six suppliers have announced plans to raise their SVT prices, or have already done so. There is also some evidence that fixed-price deals have also risen, closing the gap with SVTs. But whether that is because of increasing wholesale costs - or because suppliers have been acting to mitigate the effects of a cap in advance - is hard to determine. While Ofgem has repeatedly said there was no justification for them doing so, it has so far refused to comment on the Conservative idea of a cap.	The Tories have announced a key new detail in how their proposed energy price cap would work.
The 40-year-old woman was arrested after being spotted driving erratically in Looe in Cornwall at about 21:40 GMT on Monday, Devon and Cornwall Police said. Officers said a seven-year-old was taken into emergency care because no other family members lived in the area. The woman remains in custody. She was due to be interviewed at a police station in Plymouth, officers said.	A mother was arrested on suspicion of drinking and driving with her daughter in the car, leading to the girl being placed in foster care.
Maryport's 13-bed Victoria Cottage Hospital is one of several in the county under review by a government body called the Success Regime. Supporters argue it is a "vital" asset and will stage a public meeting at Flimby Chapel later. The Success Regime said it was assessing all options and reviewing feedback. A consultation period will start later in the summer. Proposals put forward include removing beds and turning the facility into a community care hub which would provide outpatient care. That would see people taken six miles (9.6km) to Workington or Cockermouth for inpatient treatment. Bill Barnes, chairman of the Ewanrigg & Netherton Tenants & Residents' Association, which is organising the campaign, said: "This hospital has a special place in the hearts of Maryport people. "There won't be many who haven't been touched by it in one way or another." The Success Regime said there were "deep rooted issues" with health services in Cumbria including "an ongoing challenge of providing decent services to rural, remote and isolated communities". Cottage - or community - hospitals face "great challenges in recruitment, meeting safe staffing levels and providing medical cover", it added.	About 3,000 people have signed a petition opposing proposals to reduce services at a Cumbrian hospital.
The South African debutant scored two late tries after coming on as a 66th-minute substitute. George Ford scored all of Bath's 18 points in Todd Blackadder's first league match in charge of the club. "It was the first run out at the Gardens in front of our fans, who were spectacular like always, so we let them down," he told BBC Radio Northampton. "And 100 games for Luther Burrell, it was big for us to put in a big performance for him and unfortunately we just came short, so very bleak." The rain-soaked match was a different experience for Groom, who has previously played in Super Rugby and South African domestic competitions. "It's going to take a little getting used to, but that's part of the reason I came, to improve myself as a player and experience a different style of playing," he added. "In a game like this with the weather playing a huge role its the small margins which make a big difference."	Scrum-half Nic Groom says the mood in the Northampton changing room was 'bleak' after their 18-14 loss to Bath.
The government outlined its ambition to host it last year. It has until 31 October to put the country forward. Ashton Moss in Tameside has been identified as a "suitable" site to host the global event, Greater Manchester Combined Authority (GMCA) said. The World Expo takes place every five years and Dubai was chosen to host the event in 2020. The expo is a huge six-month showcase of technology, manufacturing, and culture from across the world. Representatives of 145 countries attended World Expo 2015 in Milan, which boasted 54 national pavilions at a sprawling site. Greater Manchester Combined Authority said it was encouraging the government to seize the "opportunity for a global shop window" to demonstrate that the UK is open for business and committed to international trade following the vote to leave the European Union. Local politicians feel this bid has huge potential, and you can see why - a billion pounds of investment ahead of more than 20 million visitors, and then a legacy that could last for decades afterwards. The chosen site in Tameside would see one of the most deprived boroughs in the conurbation receive a huge economic boost. I'm told that when former Chancellor George Osborne was still in position and championing his plans to support the northern economy, he had indicated that Greater Manchester would become the UK's chosen location for the bid. But with him now gone, they are seeing this as a test of the new prime minister's commitment to that Northern Powerhouse project. Sir Richard Leese, GMCA lead member for economic strategy, said it was important the government continued to show commitment to the Northern Powerhouse concept. He added: "It is ambitious. But as the London Olympics, and the Manchester Commonwealth Games before them showed, tremendous economic and social benefits can flow from bold and concerted backing for a big idea." The 110-ha site at Ashton Moss is less than 10km from Manchester city centre and within 15km of Manchester airport, and has been identified as a Greater Manchester "economic priority". Councillor Kieran Quinn, GMCA lead member for investment strategy and finance and leader of Tameside Council, said it "made sense to have it here". "We believe Greater Manchester, and Tameside, can make a compelling case to stage this hugely significant event and it can be a powerful ingredient in the drive to rebalance the nation's economy."	Greater Manchester is bidding to be the host city region for the trade convention World Expo 2025.
The government established an emergency zone along about 100 km (60 miles of coast) and had asked people to avoid swimming and fishing. The ship had been carrying almost 200 tonnes of ammonium nitrate used in fertilizers and explosives. But a spokesman later said only small traces had been found in the water. Costa Rica's Emergency Commission said bathing was considered safe but fishing would be banned for a further 72 hours. Reinaldo Carballo said the emergency alert had been considered preventive "because of the potential impact ammonium nitrate could have on human health". He said they hoped the chemical, which is highly soluble, had dissolved and been taken out to sea on the tide. Government officials said an enquiry into who was responsible for the ship sinking and the spillage would begin as soon as possible. Costa Rica has the largest number of foreign tourists in Central America and is a popular destination for nature and eco-tourism because of its pristine beaches, tropical forests and large nature reserves and parks.	A ship containing toxic chemicals sparked an emergency alert off the coast of the Costa Rica tourist town of Puntarenas when it sank in heavy seas.
Local officials said the man was swimming in waist-deep water with his adult son on Ocracoke Island in the Outer Banks. He suffered wounds to his ribcage, lower leg, hip and both hands after trying to fight off the animal. Experts say the number of shark attacks in the US this year is above average. Local police said the man was pulled under water by a shark measuring about 7ft (2.1m) in length just after midday on Wednesday. "The individual was actually located right in front of the lifeguard tower when it occurred," Justin Gibbs, the director of emergency services in Hyde County, told reporters. The man was pulled from the water shortly afterward and flown to a nearby hospital for treatment. No other swimmers were injured. According to the International Shark Attack File (ISAF), a program run by marine biologists at the Florida Museum of Natural History, there have been 23 attacks in 2015, of which one in Hawaii was fatal. ISAF says there are usually about 30-40 shark attacks recorded in the US each year, with most of them not being deadly. Two weeks ago, two teenagers were badly injured after separate shark attacks on North Carolina's south coast. The 14-year-old girl was mauled while swimming off Oak Island, while a 16-year-old boy was attacked on the same stretch of beach less than two hours later. They were transported to a hospital in Wilmington but both lost parts of their arms. Experts have suggested a number of possible reasons for the reported increase in incidents, including rising water temperatures and more people choosing to swim in the sea. Some have also pointed to fishermen attracting sharks either with bait for smaller fish or for the sharks themselves.	A 68-year-old man has been badly injured by a shark in North Carolina in the seventh attack off the US state's coast in less than three weeks.
Members of the public came across the man in Millburn Road at about 01:20 on Sunday. He is being treated in the city's Raigmore Hospital. Police said they have traced a Ford Fiesta which was the subject of an earlier appeal. They did, however, renew their appeal for anyone who had information about the incident to contact them.	A 52-year-old man has been found with serious head injuries near the centre of Inverness.
The disease, carried by a biting midge, can be fatal to sheep and cows. The return of the disease to central France last year has led to concerns the virus could spread, particularly to southern England. Government vets say there is an 80% chance that infected midges will arrive in the UK this summer. Humans are not affected, but bluetongue has economic impacts for farmers, who can lose livestock and face restrictions on moving animals from farm-to-farm. Government Deputy Chief Vet Simon Hall said robust disease surveillance measures were in place and the situation in France was being carefully monitored. ''The risk of incursion from infected midges is difficult to predict at this stage because it is highly dependent on the level of disease on the continent, the proximity to the UK and the weather." He said animal keepers should remain vigilant for signs of the disease and report any suspicions to their vet and the Animal and Plant Health Agency. Bluetongue facts Bluetongue is carried and spread by biting midges of a family known as Culicoides. There is no cure but animals can be vaccinated against the virus. The British Veterinary Association (BVA) has urged farmers to consider whether to vaccinate their stock. Prof John Blackwell of the BVA said: ''We'd recommend farmers speak to their local vet about the benefits of vaccination, given their locality and individual circumstances, and especially if farmers have any concerns about their livestock.'' Bluetongue was found in the UK in 2007 as well as in much of northern Europe. In August 2015 the disease was found on a farm in France - the first outbreak in the EU since 2011. It has since spread north, raising the risk that infected midges could be blown across the channel and infect flocks and herds in the UK. Mild weather is a factor, as the virus reproduces better at warmer temperatures. Any outbreak in the UK is thought most likely to occur in late summer.	Farmers are being warned to expect an outbreak of a highly infectious livestock disease known as bluetongue this summer.
A lifeboat from Lerwick and the Coastguard helicopter were sent to help the Lerwick-registered Ocean Way, which reported taking on water at 06:50. As rescuers arrived the fishermen jumped into the sea, less than a minute before the vessel sunk. The crew were pulled one by one aboard the lifeboat before being taken back ashore to Lerwick. Alan Tarby, the coxswain of the Lerwick lifeboat, described the rescue. "Just as we got along, the boat started to sink and the boys all jumped off the boat into the water alongside the lifeboat and we sort of fished them into the boat and hoisted them aboard. "The final moments of the boat were of it sticking out the water. It slid into the water so quickly. It went down within seconds - it was less than a minute from when they decided to jump to when she disappeared." Mark Rodaway, commander for the UK Coastguard, said: 'This was a difficult rescue in awful weather." He added: "The lifeboat was finding it hard to get alongside. But I'm pleased to say that all five fishermen were rescued." A Marine Accident Investigation Branch (MAIB) investigation is under way.	Five fishermen have been rescued after their boat started sinking off Shetland.
NHS England and Public Health England have launched a campaign to help the vulnerable stay well and out of A&E. Tips include setting a thermostat to no lower than 18C, wrapping up warm and consuming hot meals and drinks. There were 43,900 excess winter deaths in England and Wales in 2014/15, the Office for National Statistics says. The Stay Well This Winter campaign also urges those eligible for the flu vaccination to have the injection and encourages those suffering from a cough or cold to get early help from a pharmacist. It says: "Food is a vital source of energy, which keeps your body warm. Try to make sure that you have hot meals and drinks regularly throughout the day and keep active in the home if you can." There were 27% more deaths in winter in 2014/15 compared with the rest of the year, figures from the Office for National Statistics show. The majority were among those aged 75 and above with around 36,300 excess winter deaths among that age group. Research shows people with health conditions such as heart disease, lung problems and dementia are also more likely to die in winter. Professor Keith Willett, medical director for acute care at NHS England, said many A&E visits over winter are due to problems "which could have been avoided" if medical advice had been sought earlier. He added: "The NHS is here to help, but there are important things we can all do to take care of ourselves during the winter months. "It is vital that the most vulnerable people take preventative steps to keep healthy and stay well."	Eating hot meals and keeping active are effective ways for the over-65s and those with health issues to cope with winter, say public health bodies.
The Unite union said the closures represented a third of the bank's branch network. The move was described as the largest-ever closure plan by the bank. Unite national officer Rob MacGregor said the move would be "concerning" for local communities which would be left with less choice in banking services. Mr MacGregor said: "Staff across the Clydesdale and Yorkshire Bank will be devastated to learn that 79 branches will close and consequently over 400 colleagues will lose their jobs. "Unite is clear that the closure of a third of the bank's branches will not only be concerning for staff but the local communities which will see their bank branch close. This cost-cutting plan leaves customers with less choice for local banking. "The union has called on the bank to give a commitment to mitigate compulsory redundancies where possible and that they will reconsider closing any bank branches that are the last bank in a town." He added: "Unite workplace representatives will be able to assist members over the coming day and weeks to support staff impacted by this announcement." Clydesdale said the move had been prompted by the trend towards electronic banking. It said the banking industry in the UK had seen bank visits fall by a third since 2011. Unite has published a list of the branches expected to close: A statement from the bank said: "The Bank continues to reshape its service offering in response to these changing needs. "To support this transformation the Bank is committing Â£350m over the next two years, embracing digital innovation while continuing to invest in a more sustainable branch network to deliver a superior customer experience. "The Bank's first priority is to our customers and we will be working extensively with impacted customers, local communities and relevant stakeholders to ensure that the transition to their new branch is as smooth and as sensitive as possible, particularly where vulnerable customers are concerned. "It is also the Bank's intention to try to find roles for frontline branch staff either within other branches or elsewhere in the Bank, wherever possible." Clydesdale customer banking director Gavin Opperman added: "While the decision to close any branch is never an easy one, it is important that we, in line with other banks operating in the UK market, continue to respond to changes in the way customers want to bank with us. "The changes announced today continue our journey towards a model that combines an enhanced digital platform with a right sized branch network; allowing customers to interact with us through a wide range of channels - mobile, online, telephone, in-branch - whenever and however they want."	The Clydesdale and Yorkshire banking group (CYBG) is closing 79 branches with the loss of 400 jobs.
Rowland Phillips' team had limited Canada to a 15-0 win at the pool stage, but could find no answer to their opponents' power and pace in Belfast. Wing Elissa Alarie scored a first-half double as Canada dominated in an eight-tries-to-nil rout. Ireland, who earlier lost to Australia, await Wales on Saturday with seventh place on the line. Phillips named the starting XV who had performed admirably in the teams' first encounter. But Canada felt they had something to prove after that performance and the defeat by New Zealand that consigned them to the fifth-place play-off semi-final. They did so in style from Alarie's opening try wide out as she profited from a powerful scrum. Fly-half Brianna Miller and lock Cindy Nelles went over before Alerie finished off again. Flankers Jacey Grusnick and Karen Paquin burst clear in quick succession after the break. And after Canada's pack forced a penalty try at a scrum, replacement Barbara Mervin ended the scoring as they kept Wales scoreless. Wales head coach Rowland Phillips said: "It's a shame because we picked up a lot of momentum and confidence from the first Canada game but other than the lineout, we came off second best in all areas. "We never got a foothold in the game. It is disappointing but we are clear where we want to take this team and we know we have a lot of work to do. We' just got to get on with it." Canada: Julianne Zussman; Elissa Alarie, Brittany Waters, Amanda Thornborough, Frederique Rajotte; Emily Belchos, Brianna Miller; Carolyn McEwen, Laura Russell, Olivia DeMerchant, Cindy Nelles, Latoya Blackwood, Jacey Grusnick, Karen Paquin, Kelly Russell. Replacements: Jane Kirby, Britanny Kassil, DaLeaka Menin, Kayla Mack, Barbara Mervin, Chelsea Guthrie, Andrea Burk, Alex Tessier. Wales: Dyddgu Hywel (Scarlets); Elen Evans (RGC), Gemma Rowland (Dragons), Hannah Jones (Scarlets), Jess Kavanagh-Williams (Scarlets); Elinor Snowsill (Dragons), Sian Moore (Dragons); Caryl Thomas (Scarlets) Carys Phillips, (Ospreys, capt), Amy Evans (Ospreys), Rebecca Rowe (Dragons), Mel Clay (Ospreys), Alisha Butchers (Scarlets), Rachel Taylor (RGC), Sioned Harries (Scarlets) Replacements: Morfudd Ifans (Scarlets), Cerys Hale (Dragons), Meg York (Dragons), Siwan Lillicrap (Ospreys), Shona Powell-Hughes (Ospreys), Keira Bevan (Ospreys), Robyn Wilkins (Ospreys), Jodie Evans (Scarlets). Referee: Aimee Barrett-Theron Assistant referees: Cwengile Jadezweni, Marie Lematte TMO: Kevin Beggs	Canada hammered Wales at the women's Rugby World Cup to ensure they will face Australia for fifth place.
The Verity was carrying 3,000 tonnes of scrap metal when its engine failed four miles off Hartland Point. Padstow and Appledore RNLI lifeboat volunteers were joined by the Dutch Frigate HNLMS De Ruyter to rescue the crew. RNLI volunteers spent more than 24 hours at sea helping the cargo ship. Alan Tarby, Padstow RNLI Coxswain said: 'It was excellent team work from the RNLI lifeboats and the skipper and crew from the Dutch Warship did an amazing job in difficult conditions.'	A Dutch warship helped rescue a 300ft (91m) cargo ship drifting close to the north Devon coast in rough seas and heavy winds.
Cannabis plants, with an estimated street value of £50,000, were found during searches of premises on the Ballygowan Road in Comber. The men, aged 26 and 49, and 39-year-old woman remain in custody. The recovery was another example of the "PSNI's commitment to tackling drugs", said Det Insp David Henderson. The three suspects were arrested on suspicion of cultivating cannabis, possessing a class B controlled drug and possessing a class B controlled drug with intent to supply.	Two men and a woman have been arrested after a "sophisticated cannabis farm" was uncovered in County Down, say police.
The 25-year-old makes the switch following the expiration of his contract with Reims. Ayite had been linked to a number of English clubs but opted to work under former France international Claude Makelele, who became head coach in May. He scored five goals and managed four assists in 32 matches last season as Reims finished 11th in Ligue 1. Ayite joined Reims in 2011 from Bordeaux and has also had loan stints at Angers and Nancy. The pacy attacker has played 13 times for Togo, scoring his only international goal to date against Gabon in an Africa Cup of Nations qualifier in November 2009. Last week Bastia announced they had agreed to sell Tunisia international midfielder Wahbi Khazri to Bordeaux.	Togo international winger Floyd Ayite has signed a three-year deal with French Ligue 1 side Bastia.
