premise: A teenager in Japan whose parents are being deported to the Philippines has decided to stay in Tokyo with her aunt. After the family lost a three-year battle to remain in Japan, Noriko Calderon, 13, had to choose whether to stay in Japan or go with her parents. She said an emotional goodbye to them at Tokyo's main airport. Filipinos Arlan and Sarah Calderon used fake passports to enter Japan in the early 1990s, and their daughter was born and raised in the country. [SEP] hypothesis: Arlan and Sarah Calderon are Japanese.	contradiction
premise: The decision by Uzbekistan was the latest development in diplomatic fallout with Washington over U.S. criticism about a violent crackdown against anti-government protestors last May. [SEP] hypothesis: Uzbekistan protests against Washington.	contradiction
premise: After the Sept. 11 attacks, Malinowski said, the CIA bypassed the advice of FBI and military interrogators and turned to contractors "whose approach would be consistent with the Bush administration's theory that you have to go to the dark side to fight the dark side." Agency officials have maintained that the CIA turned to contractors because the agency didn't have its own roster of skilled interrogators, and that contractors were required to abide by the same rules as agency employees. But one contract interrogator, David A. Passaro, was convicted of beating an Afghan detainee who later died. Passaro was sentenced in 2007 to eight years in prison. [SEP] hypothesis: Tom Malinowski is director for Human Rights Watch.	contradiction
premise: The Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd. raised $19.07 billion Friday after pricing its initial public offering at HK$3.07 (39 cents), the top end of its indicative price range, to become the world's biggest ever IPO. [SEP] hypothesis: The merger of Japanese Banks creates the world's biggest bank.	contradiction
premise: On Sunday Memoirs: 1939-1993 a memoir written by former Prime Minister of Canada Brian Mulroney will be released. The 1,152 page tome outlines Mulroney's version of events during his time as prime minister. CTV will broadcast a documentary on Brian Mulroney on the eve of his book launch. In addition, the network plans to air Triumph & Treachery: The Brian Mulroney Story on Sunday, CTV says the 90-minute special will be the most complete interview the former prime minister has ever given and his first comprehensive interview since leaving office in 1993. The Quebec French language TVA network will air a similar documentary exclusively in French later that night. [SEP] hypothesis: The Australian Prime Minister is called John Howard.	contradiction
premise: Baghdad had announced that it will stop cooperating with UNSCOM completely but indicated that it will not ask for their departure. [SEP] hypothesis: Baghdad announced the complete halt in their cooperation with UNSCOM, and said also, that it will ask them to leave.	contradiction
premise: The royal tombs at Vergina were identified as the ancient capital of Aigai in the 1930s. A royal tomb identified as possibly Philip II of Macedonia, Alexander the Great's father, was found in 1977 by Manolis Andronikos. [SEP] hypothesis: Alexander the Great's Tomb remains undiscovered.	contradiction
premise: The order is worth EUR 58 million and handover of the submarines to the Portuguese navy is scheduled for 2010. The contract also includes an option for the same equipment to be built into a third submarine. [SEP] hypothesis: The Portuguese Navy has 58 submarines.	contradiction
premise: There are more than 4,000 street children in the capital city of Ulan Bator. [SEP] hypothesis: The population of Ulan Bator is 4,000.	contradiction
premise: John Paul II  was the first non-Italian Pope in exactly 600 years, so other things being equal, his successor would presumably be Italian. [SEP] hypothesis: John Paul II is Italian.	contradiction
premise: 95% of the Gulf of Mexico's oil output is now out of service following Katrina, together with more than 83% of natural gas production. [SEP] hypothesis: Crude oil prices have hit fresh highs as fears grow over the extent of damage, done by Hurricane Katrina, to oil output in the Gulf of Mexico.	contradiction
premise: A series of projects with the objective of finding solutions to some of the consequences of the Chernobyl accident have been carried out within the framework of the UNESCO Chernobyl Programme. The IHP organized a workshop to review and compare present knowledge of radionuclide transfer in the hydrological cycle. [SEP] hypothesis: The Chernobyl disaster had repercussions outside the ex-USSR.	contradiction
premise: Weinstock painstakingly reviewed dozens of studies for evidence of any link between sunscreen use and either an increase or decrease in melanoma. [SEP] hypothesis: skin cancer numbers increase.	contradiction
premise: A company investigation turned up metal in roughly 200 pills of the 70 million it passed through a metal detector, according to the FDA. [SEP] hypothesis: The FDA turned up metal in roughly 200 pills of the 70 million it passed through a metal detector.	contradiction
premise: In 1955, the Aurora Borealis, a coating applied to crystal stones to produce a "rainbow of colors" effect was introduced. [SEP] hypothesis: The Aurora Borealis was discovered in 1995.	contradiction
premise: Activist groups in the Philippines led by Bagong Alyansang Makabayan (New Patriotic Alliance) or Bayan are set to submit "cabinet level documents" as evidence to international bodies purportedly showing that the office of the President, Malacañang sanctioned the series of extrajudicial killings in the country. The evidence is to be presented to the Permanent People's Tribunal and the United Nations Special Rapporteurs, which is scheduled to visit the country this year. In a press statement, Bayan expressed disappointment with the report of the Melo Commission saying that "the report merely tells us what we already know, and that the report stops short of finding the roots of the extra-judicial killings." [SEP] hypothesis: Malacañang is the president of the Melo Commission.	contradiction
premise: The agency identified five of the men as Palestinians, four of whom lived in East Jerusalem and held Jerusalem identity cards allowing them to move about Israel. [SEP] hypothesis: They included Palestinian residents of east Jerusalem, who carry identity cards allowing them free movement in Israel.	entailment
premise: There are suppositions that the US Democratic Congress may re-establish the luxury taxes, which were already once introduced in the 1990s. The suppositions resulted in the National Association of Watch and Clock Collectors commissioning a report on various tax issues. Material goods such as jewelry, watches, expensive furs, jet planes, boats, yachts, and luxury cars had already been subjected to additional taxes back in 1990. After 3 years these taxes were repealed, though the luxury automobiles tax was still active for the next 13 years. [SEP] hypothesis: The US Congress may re-establish luxury taxes.	entailment
premise: Jessica Litman, a law professor at Michigan's Wayne State University, has specialized in copyright law and Internet law for more than 20 years. [SEP] hypothesis: Jessica Litman is a law professor.	entailment
premise: Yemen, too, was reunified in 1990. [SEP] hypothesis: Yemen was reunited in 1990.	entailment
premise: Russia doesn't excel in auto manufacturing, but it is tops in other areas. The country's great wealth in oil, natural gas, and metals, in addition to generating revenue for the government, is creating a new middle class that craves European, Japanese and American cars. [SEP] hypothesis: European cars sell in Russia.	entailment
premise: The British government has indicated its readiness to allow Argentine companies to take part in the development of oilfields in the Falkland islands' territorial waters- provided they acknowledge that any oil extracted belongs to Britain. [SEP] hypothesis: The British indicated readiness to allow Argentine companies to take part in the development of oilfields.	entailment
premise: Eddeh reasserted his opinion that President Al-Hrawi ought to be reinstated for another 3 years, claiming that the he "has considerable experience in the running of the state, but his resignation would be appropriate after the withdrawal of Israeli and Syrian forces." [SEP] hypothesis: Eddeh calls for an extension to Al-Hrawi's presidency, saying that he should resign after the withdrawal of the Israeli and Syrian forces."	entailment
premise: In an interview on a television show called the No Drug Show, hosted by Larry Byrnes, the Church of Scientology blamed both the September 11, 2001 attacks in the United States and the attack on Pearl Harbor on psychiatrists and the drugs they prescribe their patients. Scientology considers psychiatry to be barbaric and a violation of human rights. The video was posted on the video sharing website YouTube, but was later removed "due to a copyright claim by Axiom 10 Productions, Inc." Mark Bunker of XenuTV questioned why Axiom 10 would utilize the Digital Millenium Copyright Act to remove the video from YouTube, as it was promoting their ideology about psychiatrists. It was later re-added to another site called Vimeo.com. [SEP] hypothesis: Scientology is against psychiatry.	entailment
premise: Mount Olympus, the highest mountain in the Olympic Range, rises to a height of 7,965 feet (2,428 meters) and is less than 25 miles (40 kilometers) from the Strait of Juan de Fuca. [SEP] hypothesis: Mount Olympus is near the Strait of Juan de Fuca.	entailment
premise: Soprano's Square: Milan, Italy, home of the famed La Scala opera house, honored soprano Maria Callas on Wednesday when it renamed a new square after the diva. [SEP] hypothesis: La Scala opera house is located in Milan, Italy.	entailment
premise: Seoul City said Monday a 690-meter-tall, 133-story multifunctional skyscraper will be constructed in Sangam-dong. Once built, it will be the second highest after the 800-meter-high Burj Dubai, which is under construction, by South Korean developer Samsung C&T. The construction will cost more than 3.3 trillion won ($2.37 billion), the city estimates. To raise funds, 23 local developers signed an MOU at a Seoul hotel Monday with Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon attending. "The landmark building will help make Seoul more attractive and become a new tourist attraction here," Oh said. The multifunctional building will have hotels, offices, department stores, convention centers and various recreational facilities including an aquarium and movie theaters. [SEP] hypothesis: The highest skyscraper in the world is being built in Dubai.	entailment
premise: Budapest again became the focus of national political drama in the late 1980s, when Hungary led the reform movement in eastern Europe that broke the communist monopoly on political power and ushered in the possibility of multiparty politics. [SEP] hypothesis: In the late 1980s Budapest became the center of the reform movement.	entailment
premise: Bledsoe will be released by the Buffalo Bills, a move that upset the 33-year-old quarterback who started every game for the team the past three seasons. [SEP] hypothesis: The Buffalo Bills are releasing Drew Bledsoe, their quarterback.	entailment
premise: Foreign Ministers of the 16 NATO member countries met early this morning with their Russian counterpart, Yevgeny Primakov, in Berlin in a bid to improve NATO-Russia relations. [SEP] hypothesis: The NATO has 16 members.	entailment
premise: The World Trade Organization, the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank have all been criticized for their role in catalyzing the harmful impacts of corporate globalization on people, the environment and sustainable development. [SEP] hypothesis: The World Bank is criticized for its activities.	entailment
premise: The outlawed Basque political party in Spain, Batasuna, called, on Monday, parties in the Basque Autonomous Government to boycott the parliament decision to ban it. [SEP] hypothesis: Spain's Basque party calls for the boycott of a parliament decision.	entailment
