premise: Calculate time changes, create graphs showing distance versus time. [SEP] hypothesis: Line graphs are especially useful for showing changes over time.	neutral
premise: For an example, refer to the densities of water-NaCl mixtures (density of water with dissolved NaCl). [SEP] hypothesis: Sugar crystals dissolving in water is an example of the formation of a mixture.	neutral
premise: From the Moon to Mars, Mercury to Pluto, discover what scientists have learned about our solar system since manned space exploration began three decades ago. [SEP] hypothesis: Pluto has three moons.	neutral
premise: The Earth's abundance of salt water and its generally high water content make it a good conductor. [SEP] hypothesis: The abundance of water makes the earth habitable for humans.	neutral
premise: : "The planets, the sun, the stars, all belong to one species-namely that of 'stars' [bright objects moving above the earth]. [SEP] hypothesis: From earth, the sun appears brighter than any other star because the sun is the closest star	neutral
premise: Female gonads are the ovaries , which produce eggs (ova) and female sex hormones. [SEP] hypothesis: The female reproductive system consists of structures that produce eggs, secrete female sex hormones, and ultimately enable birth of a fetus.	neutral
premise: The result is often a stroke, heart attack, or death. [SEP] hypothesis: A heart attack or stroke is often a result of untreated atherosclerosis.	neutral
premise: Since hydrogen sulfide is a gas at room temperature, ingestion is unlikely to occur. [SEP] hypothesis: Hydrogen is in gas form at room temperature.	neutral
premise: Stratus,liquid, low cloud fraction( [SEP] hypothesis: Stratus clouds occur in the low of the troposphere.	neutral
premise: White lines overlapped with the plasma pressure stand for the equipotential line of convection and corotation electric fields. [SEP] hypothesis: Since the electric field lines point radially away from the charge, they are perpendicular to equipotential lines.	neutral
premise: If there is only one atom of a particular element, no subscript is used. [SEP] hypothesis: You call elements that contain only atoms of one type of element native elements.	neutral
premise: embryo sac embedded in mamelon. [SEP] hypothesis: The amniotic sac, which was sitting on top of the flat embryo, envelops the embryo as it folds.	neutral
premise: The polyanionic oligos may bind to proteins such as fibroblast growth factor and inhibit protein binding to cell surface receptors, thus inhibiting cell proliferation (29). [SEP] hypothesis: Cells secrete factor that bind to receptors.	neutral
premise: Soon we will have sequenced all of the DNA in the nucleus of a human cell. [SEP] hypothesis: The cells of all protists have a nucleus.	neutral
premise: Sample Preparation Peripheral blood (500 ml) or bone marrow (200 ml) was made up to 15 ml with red cell lysis buffer (154 mM ammonium chloride, 10 mM potassium bicarbonate, 0.1 mM EDTA) and left for five to 10 minutes at room temperature. [SEP] hypothesis: In the lungs, bicarbonate is transported back into the red blood cells in exchange for chloride.	neutral
premise: It spreads from infected mucosal surfaces (cervix, rectum, pharynx) to the small joints of the hands, wrists, elbows, knees, and ankles but rarely to axial skeletal joints. [SEP] hypothesis: Knees and elbows are examples of the joints of the skeletal system.	neutral
premise: Intrinsic factor (IF), a protein secreted by gastric parietal cells, binds to the vitamin B 12 and carries it to the terminal ileum , where there are IF receptors, and absorption occurs. [SEP] hypothesis: Cells secrete factor that bind to receptors.	entailment
premise: Although surveyors are accustomed to interpreting the shape of the Earth using contour plans, the general community is more familiar with perspective views that show three-dimensional objects as they appear. [SEP] hypothesis: Contour lines show the three-dimensional shape of land.	entailment
premise: So clearly, the power dissipated by an electrical component is determined by multiplying the current through the component by the voltage across the component.  The SI unit for power is the watt (W). [SEP] hypothesis: Power in electricity is the voltage multiplied by the current.	entailment
premise: home search messages help assistant log out  AMPHIBIANS Amphibians are creatures such as frogs, toads, newts and salamanders that live both on land and in the water. [SEP] hypothesis: Frogs are amphibians that live part of the time in fresh water and live rest of the time on land.	entailment
premise: Well-Connected The Ear The ear is the organ of hearing and balance and is organized into external, middle, and internal areas. [SEP] hypothesis: The ears are an external feature in human beings is responsible for balance.	entailment
premise: In lakes and impoundments, and occasionally in streams, nitrogen may be the limiting nutrient and control the growth of algae and other aquatic plants, thus, using dissolved oxygen and blocking the penetration of sunlight which is needed for the growth of submerged aquatic vegetation (SAV); [SEP] hypothesis: Besides the concentration of dissolve oxygen and nutrients in the water, the availability of sunlight limits aquatic organisms.	entailment
premise: Lithium is composed of three electrons bound by the electromagnetic force to a nucleus containing three protons along with either three or four neutrons, depending on the isotope, held together by the strong force. [SEP] hypothesis: Lithium has three electrons.	entailment
premise: Disaccharides are formed when 2 monosaccharides molecules bond together. [SEP] hypothesis: You call the carbohydrate formed when two monosaccharides bond together disaccharide.	entailment
premise: The cathode is indeed the negative electrode, where reduction occurs, and the anode the positive electrode, where oxidation takes place. [SEP] hypothesis: The electrode at which reduction occurs is called the cathode.	entailment
premise: The ABC model of floral organ development proposes combinatorial interaction of A, B, and C class genes whereby these three classes of genes specifies the four floral organs, sepals, petals, stamens, and carpels. [SEP] hypothesis: Sepals, petals, stamens, and carpels are floral organs.	entailment
premise: The instructions for building a cell's protein work force are contained in its chromosomes, encoded in the DNA molecule. [SEP] hypothesis: Dna encodes instructions for proteins molecules.	entailment
premise: Adaptive Immune System &#0147;This helps explain why the jawed vertebrates are the only species that have a second, adaptive immune system, in addition to the innate immune system that all other species have,&#0148; Schatz, an immunologist, said. [SEP] hypothesis: Vertebrates are unique in having adaptive immunity in addition to innate immunity.	entailment
premise: Our baseline knowledge of plant distributions is skeletal at best, yet plants are the primary producers in ecosystems, and all organisms ultimately depend on them. [SEP] hypothesis: All living organisms are dependent on plants because plants are producers.	entailment
premise: Primary consumers are also known as heterotrophs. [SEP] hypothesis: Heterotrophs is another name for consumers.	entailment
premise: Energy can neither be created nor destroyed- only converted, the energy is simply converted from one format to another. [SEP] hypothesis: Energy it can not be destroyed.	entailment
premise: Plants take in carbon dioxide gas, which is made up of molecules containing one carbon atom and two oxygen atoms. [SEP] hypothesis: Carbon dioxide molecules consist of a central carbon atom bonded to two oxygen atoms.	entailment
