The city's Department for Consumer Affairs (DCA) said the firm had to meet standards on weighing and labelling. The deal means customers "are better protected from overcharging", it said. Whole Foods admitted to making mistakes but said there was "no evidence of systematic or intentional misconduct". It said it agreed to the settlement, which was below the $1.5m originally demanded by the DCA, "to put this issue behind us so that we can continue to focus our attention on providing New York city customers with the highest level of quality and service". The DCA first accused Whole Foods in June after an investigation found mislabelled weights on 80 types of pre-packaged products it tested. The natural foods and organic retailer, which has outlets in the UK, was said to have overstated weights of pre-packaged meat, dairy and baked products. Last year, Whole Foods agreed to pay $800,000 in penalties and improve pricing accuracy after a separate investigation into alleged pricing irregularities in California.	Upmarket US grocery chain Whole Foods has agreed to pay $500,000 (Â£338,000) to settle accusations by New York authorities that it routinely overcharged customers.
Earnings rose 20% to $3.1bn (£2bn) in the second quarter, compared to a year ago, with the price rise offsetting the effect of a stronger dollar, which eats into overseas revenue. The world's largest beverage maker gets more than 40% of its sales from international markets. Total revenue fell more than 3% to $12.16bn in the three months to 3 July. "Our second quarter results were in line with our expectations and mark continued progress toward restoring momentum in our global business," said chief executive Muhtar Kent in a statement on Wednesday. However, he warned that fluctuations in exchange rates would continue to have an "unfavourable" effect on its results this year. The US dollar has risen more than 8% against a basket of major currencies so far this year. The Coca-Cola Zero brand saw growth of 6% in the quarter, compared with 1% for the Coca-Cola brand, 3% for Sprite and 2% for Fanta. "Growth in these brands was partially offset by a 7% decline in Diet Coke," the company said. The drinks maker has been struggling to grow as health conscious consumers continue to turn away from carbonated soft drinks.	US drinks giant Coca-Cola has reported a rise in profit after raising prices in North America.
Researchers found 70% of the rhino's genetic diversity had been wiped out over the past 200 years due to hunting and loss of habitat. This means the small number left would be vulnerable to the same diseases. Prof Mike Bruford said moving bulls to new parks to boost diversity could help combat this "unfolding catastrophe". From a population in the 1970s of almost 70,000, there are now about 5,000 black rhinos in the wild - the World Wildlife Fund lists the animal as critically endangered. The animal now only survives in South Africa, Namibia, Kenya, Zimbabwe and Tanzania. Working with colleagues from universities in South Africa, Kenya, Copenhagen and Chester, Cardiff's team compared the genes of living and dead rhinos by visiting museums and herds in the wild. They found that 44 of 64 genetic lineages no longer exist, which poses a threat to the future of the animal. Prof Bruford, from Cardiff University's School of Biosciences, said: "The magnitude of this loss in genetic diversity really did surprise us - we did not expect it to be so profound. If you don't have genetic diversity, you can't evolve. "The new genetic data we have collected will allow us to identify populations of priority for conservation, giving us a better chance of preventing the species from total extinction. "You could bring a new bull in or swap bulls between parks - you know they're not related so you're bringing fresh genes into the park." Other suggestions to help conserve the black rhino includes moving animals together to make it cheaper to protect the dwindling population. The research 'Extinctions, genetic erosion and conservation options for the black rhinoceros' has been published in Scientific Reports.	A new approach is needed to help save the black rhinoceros from extinction, a study involving Cardiff University scientists has found.
He died on Tuesday morning after a short illness, his manager Norma Farnes confirmed. He was a key member of their team, and was credited with contributing to their huge success by introducing comic elements of their off-stage relationship into their act. Braben is also famed for writing for comedy greats such as David Frost, Ronnie Corbett and Ken Dodd. He started writing with Morecambe and Wise in 1969, when he was invited to work for the BBC by the head of BBC TV light entertainment, Bill Cotton. Farnes said that Cotton "recognised the brilliance of Eddie's writing was the ideal marriage that would guarantee the success of Morecambe and Wise". Sir Bruce Forsyth called him the "third man of the comedy", adding: "I wish I could have been doing the kind of shows he had written. "His jokes and style of writing will be sorely missed in the business," he added. Comedians have been paying their respects on Twitter including Jack Dee who tweeted: "What a great and lasting contribution Eddie Braben made to British comedy." David Baddiel called him a "man who, comically, played all the right notes, in the right order, all the time," on his Twitter feed. Braben became a full-time comedy writer in the 1950s, and produced scripts for many of the comedians of the time, including fellow Liverpudlian Dodd. He worked with Dodd for nearly 15 years before being being lured to work at the BBC. His first experience of Morecambe and Wise was as a teenager when he saw them perform at the Liverpool Empire theatre where they were supporting Lena Hall. "I wasn't a fan when I first saw them," he told the BBC in 2004. "I thought they were too American: Ernie was abrasive and Eric was a bit silly." Speaking to comedian Miranda Hart in March this year, Braben remembered the anxiety of working with the comedy duo at the height of their success. "The Morecambe and Wise Show became more important than Christmas," he said. "The real pressure came when I was sat in front of that typewriter with all those blank pages and there was a deadline and there was nothing happening. That's when you realised there were 20 million or 25 million people looking over your shoulder - all saying make me laugh." Although he kept the burden to himself, Braben admitted that he did "pay a price with health". Braben, who was born in Liverpool in 1930, sold his first joke to Charlie Chester for two shillings and six pence. He was a big fan of Arthur Askey, who rose to stardom in the first regular radio comedy series, BBC's Band Waggon. "As a small boy I stood mesmerised standing in front of that small box called the wireless," said Braben, whose first aim was to be on the radio. It was not until the mid 70s that he starred in his first radio comedies, including The Show with Ten Legs in which he starred alongside Dad's Army actor Bill Pertwee. In 2001, Braben collaborated with Hamish McColl and Sean Foley on the Olivier award-winning The Play What I Wrote, a tribute to the relationship between Morecambe, Wise and Braben. Directed by Kenneth Branagh and starring actor Toby Jones, it opened at the Liverpool Playhouse Theatre before transferring to London's West End. Braben is survived by his wife Dee, three children and six grandchildren.	Eddie Braben, the writer behind comedy duo Morecambe and Wise, has died at 82.
Nominations for candidates open on 31 March and it is believed Labour should have put its application in by 7 March. In December, NI Labour activists passed a motion suggesting they should organise in order to contest elections. But with no place on the register, even individual Labour members standing can only be identified as independents. The major obstacle facing activists in Northern Ireland is that the party's headquarters in London has not given permission for local Labour candidates to stand in Northern Ireland elections. Labour's national executive committee is currently reviewing the matter. Should the Labour Party ever decide to register in Northern Ireland, one additional complication may be that the name Labour Party of Northern Ireland has been registered since 2005. The name belongs to a former SDLP councillor, Malachi Curran, who was elected to the Northern Ireland Forum as a Labour candidate in 1996. NI followers of Jeremy Corbyn's party organise under the similar but slightly different name of Labour Party in Northern Ireland.	Labour Party activists keen on contesting the NI Assembly election in May have missed the deadline for the register of political parties.
Over eight years, it claimed firms that transport gas and electricity - so-called energy networks - have made £7.5bn in "unjustified" profits. It blamed the regulator, Ofgem, which sets industry price controls, for "errors in judgement". Ofgem disputed the claim and said it had already helped to lower fuel bills. Citizens Advice said that network firms had enjoyed a multi-billion pound windfall at the expense of consumers. As an example, Citizens Advice said National Grid had made an operating profit of more than £4bn in 2015/16. However the company's annual accounts show that around a quarter of that profit was made in the US or on other activities. "Decisions made by Ofgem have allowed gas and electricity network companies to make sky-high profits that we've found are not justified by their performance," said Gillian Guy, head of Citizens Advice. "Through their energy bills, it is consumers who have to pay the £7.5bn price for the regulator's errors of judgment. We think it is right that energy network companies return this money to consumers through a rebate." Ofgem sets the charges that network companies like National Grid, SSE and Cadent - which distributes gas - can levy in any eight-year period. That is because they are monopoly operators. But in the current period, lasting from 2013 to 2021, Citizens Advice says Ofgem has been too favourable to the companies' interests. It claims that Ofgem: However, Ofgem said a number of the assumptions used by Citizens Advice were too high, and rejected the idea of a rebate. "We do think they raise some valid points, but we don't agree with their modelling or their figures," said Jonathan Brearley, Ofgem's senior partner for networks. On Wednesday Ofgem also announced a consultation on how it should set price controls after 2021. "We will take some of the issues into account when we examine future price controls," Mr Brearley added. He told the BBC that those controls are likely to be much tougher on the companies involved, providing downward pressure on bills. At the moment, around a quarter of the average fuel bill is taken up by transmission charges. The Energy Networks Association - which represents the operators - also said it did not agree with the modelling used by Citizens Advice. It said a similar claim filed by British Gas had already been rejected by the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA).	Every household in the UK should get a one-off rebate of £285 on its fuel bills as a result of excess industry profits, Citizens Advice has said.
The central government has declared a state of emergency in the region, and has appealed for international aid. Thousands of livestock have also died and hundreds of homes have been destroyed by the cyclone, known as 03A. The cyclone has subsided, but officials say heavy rains are still expected. Puntland is a semi-autonomous region within Somalia and a large part of its population relies on livestock herding and fishing. The tropical cyclone swept through the Eyl, Beyla, Dangorayo and Hafun districts along the east coast and across to Alula on the tip of the Horn of Africa. "So far we have confirmed the storm killed 140 people. We are afraid the death toll may reach 300 because many people are still missing," Puntland's Interior Minister Abdullahi Ahmed told Reuters news agency. A government statement said Puntland's security forces had failed to transport 60 tonnes of aid to affected communities because heavy flooding had made many dirt roads to the worst-affected areas impassable. "The storm has destroyed entire villages, homes, buildings and boats," the statement added. Makeshift shelters had been built to accommodate displaced people, it said. The government has appealed to international aid agencies to help with air-drops of relief supplies, including clean water, non-perishable food, tents, blankets and medicines. Ten doctors and two ambulances were attending to people in need of medical treatment, the statement said. On Tuesday, Somalia's government pledged $1m (??628,000) to help communities devastated by the cyclone. The central government "shared the pain" of communities, Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon said.	A cyclone that hit Somalia's north-eastern Puntland region at the weekend is known to have killed 140 people, and the number could rise to 300, a government minister has said.
Pilot Peter Barnes, 50, died when his helicopter clipped a crane at St George Wharf in Vauxhall, in January 2013. Pedestrian Matthew Wood, 39, from Sutton, Surrey, was also killed. Former Met Police pilot Captain Paul Watts said the visibility was poor. The inquest jury at Southwark Coroner's Court heard that Mr Barnes, who had 24 years' flying experience, was contending with poor visibility and freezing fog on the morning of the crash. He had been flying from Redhill Aerodrome in Surrey to Elstree in Hertfordshire but was diverted to Battersea heliport. Capt Watts, who worked with Mr Barnes and knew him to be an experienced flyer, was asked if he would have made the same journey at the same time. He replied: "I believe his plan was not one I would have made." Mr Barnes had been flying along the commonly used H4 route when he asked permission from air traffic control to proceed and was told to "hold on the river for a minute". The court heard it was unclear how long he waited for. Capt Watts told Coroner Dr Andrew Harris: "It is unlikely that he (Mr Barnes) would have ignored clearance, and he should not have expected to get it at that stage." Simon Hutchins, the general manager of London's only licensed heliport, said he raised concerns about the St George Wharf construction site as early as 2008 but the matter was not taken further. A jury member asked him: "Did you consider that the layout of the area at the time made it likely for an accident to occur?" Mr Hutchins said a request for the heliport to be "officially safeguarded" had still not been met, though the matter was due to be addressed later this month. The inquest continues.	The inquest into the death of two men killed in a helicopter crash in south London has heard from a pilot who said he would not have made the same journey because of the weather.
The German announced his retirement on Friday, five days after clinching his first world title ahead of Hamilton. Hamilton said: "It doesn't matter who they put alongside me. I'll race them. I'm here to race. The focus is on next year and hoping for a better season." Hamilton added that Rosberg's decision was "not a surprise" to him. "This is the first time he has won in 18 years [of racing together]," Hamilton said. "He has a family he wants to focus on and F1 takes so much from you. "It is definitely going to be strange and it will be sad to not have him in the team next year." Hamilton said he wanted Mercedes to pick someone who would work hard for the team. "I've never needed a team-mate to be able to push me," he said. "The better the driver, the better it is for me when I finish ahead of them. "You need someone with good values coming in and representing the team in a positive way, good work ethic and consistency, obviously, so we can those win constructors' championships. "So, in terms of challenging for constructors' titles, which is obviously the team's first goal, we need to make sure we have someone equally as consistent as what we had before." Media playback is not supported on this device But beyond that, he said, he would make no major requests of team boss Toto Wolff, but would offer his opinion if it was requested. "If they want to talk to me, they can talk to me about it," Hamilton said. "It should be someone who has to work well in the team. There will be stronger characters and less strong characters - and some drivers who take alternative routes in order to deal with competition. "There will be good and bad ones out there, for sure - I would be more than happy to help with that analysis. "I just always asked to have equal rights. As long we're treated fairly, it doesn't really matter who is alongside you. "Of course, we've got great team bosses who I'm sure will choose the right people to be representing the brand." He added: "I'm interested to see who would want to be my team-mate - and respect anyone that would want to."	Lewis Hamilton says he "doesn't care" who Mercedes pick as his team-mate next year following Nico Rosberg's decision to retire from Formula 1.
The 35-year-old scored 19 goals for the Royals last season, helping them reach the Championship play-offs. "We are now looking at a rehabilitation process which will stretch across weeks rather than months." Reading's head physiotherapist Jon Urwin said. Reading start their Championship campaign with a trip to Queens Park Rangers on 5 August.	Reading striker Yann Kermorgant will miss the start of the season after having surgery on his hip and groin.
The 27-year-old scored from a long kick forward in his side's 1-1 draw with Southampton last November. His kick, after 13 seconds, caught the wind and bounced over opposite number Artur Boruc into the Saints' net. It has now been measured at 91.9m (301ft 6in), earning it the accolade in the record book's latest edition. "I feel amazing to be honoured in this way and as a goalkeeper I didn't expect this to happen, not for this type of record anyway," the Bosnia and Hercegovina international told Stoke's official website. He added: "I will take it though and enjoy it." Begovic joined an exclusive club of goalkeepers to have scored in the Premier League when finding the net against Southampton. Peter Schmeichel, Brad Friedel, Paul Robinson and Tim Howard are the others with goals to their name. Media playback is not supported on this device	Stoke City goalkeeper Asmir Begovic has earned a place in the Guinness World Records book for the longest goal scored in football.
The charity has teamed up with Intel to equip patients with smartwatches which record continous data about them. The organisations carried out tests earlier in the year and now plan to release an app to help doctors study the effects of different medications. The effort has been given a cautious welcome by other researchers. The actor Michael J Fox created his New York-based foundation in 2000 after being diagnosed with the degenerative neurological disorder. It is believed that Parkinson's is brought on by a mixture of genetic and environmental factors, but the exact cause is still unknown. Its symptoms can include tremors and other uncontrollable movements, impaired balance and co-ordination, stiffness, slowness of movement, loss of smell, a decline in intellectual functioning, and speech and swallowing problems. It is estimated to affect about five million people worldwide and usually, but not always, occurs in old age. The link-up with Intel came about through the tech firm's former chief executive Andy Grove, who serves as a senior advisor to the foundation and has been diagnosed with Parkinson's himself. "This opportunity really will allow us the chance to uncover novel breakthroughs in Parkinson's disease by truly understanding how people are living with the disease today, how are they responding to treatments, what are their unmet needs," said Todd Sherer, chief executive of the foundation. The wearables study is intended to provide researchers with more accurate data than can be obtained via traditional, subjective methods. A preliminary test was funded by the two organisations earlier this year that equipped 16 Parkinson's patients and nine control volunteers with the devices for four days. The watches allowed more than 300 data points to be recorded every second, translating to one gigabyte of data per patient a day. The information was then uploaded to Intel's system by a smartphone carried by those involved. Over the period the participants kept paper-and-pen diaries and attended two clinical visits where they engaged in tests designed for the disease. Intel data scientists are still processing the findings. In addition to checking that the wearable tech's records correlate with those taken by the parties involved, they aim to develop algorithms that will allow body movement symptoms and sleep patterns to be automatically measured and made available for review in real time. The next phase of the study involves releasing an app that allows patients to record how they are feeling and to report their medication intake, to help scientists measure the efficacy of the drugs and inform medics when they are deciding prescriptions. This stage of the trial will be carried out in Boston, New York and Israel. "We're looking for the accelerometer data," Ronald Kasabian, general manager of big data solutions at Intel, told the BBC. "We want to be able to understand gait, fluidity of movement, tremors. "The researchers are dying for the insight. The ability to see what is happening to the patient on a minute-by-minute, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year basis - the tremors, the sleep habits - to see that in real time will be one of the most eye-opening opportunities." Intel said it would encrypt and anonymise the data to safeguard patients' privacy. It added that the intention was to eventually open up the platform to other research centres and  wearable devices. Parkinson's UK welcomed the development, but cautioned that it was too soon to know how useful the results would be. "The potential of using new technology to aid clinical decision making and help people with Parkinson's to get the right treatment is exciting," Suma Surendranath, professional engagement manger at the charity, told the BBC. "However, it would be crucial that any device should demonstrate its effectiveness in robust clinical trials before becoming more widely available. "New technology that has been proven to accurately represent the complexity of symptoms of people with Parkinson's could be a very useful addition to the tools currently available to professionals." The Michael J Fox Foundation acknowledged that the study was still at an early stage, but it said it still believed a sensor-driven platform could be delivered within "years and not decades" to allow doctors to better tailor treatments to each patient. "What happens is that you have 'on-off' periods as a patient," explained Sohini Chowdhury, senior vice president of research partnerships at MJFF. "When you're 'on', your medication is working, you're able to move, you're able to do the tasks you want. When you are 'off' you are basically frozen, you can't do anything. "The question treating physicians tackle with is: 'Are we giving you the optimal dose to be able to get you the right amount of on-off time during the day?" Several other major tech firms have also announced plans to become more involved with health tracking tech. In May, Samsung unveiled Simband, a prototype wristband that can be fitted with third-party sensors to gather a range of data about the wearer's body that would then be shared with a platform called Sami (Samsung Architecture Multimedia Interactions). Then in June, Apple unveiled HealthKit - an app for its forthcoming iOS 8 operating system that is designed to gather data from a wide range of third-party sensors, which can contact health professionals if it notices irregularities. Later the same month, Google announced Google Fit, the Android-maker's own software to amass health-related data from other services and devices.	The Michael J Fox Foundation is attempting to use wearable sensors to monitor the symptoms of Parkinson's disease.
The move comes amid a normalisation of ties between the US and Cuba. The Caribbean country's presence on the list alongside Syria, Iran and Sudan was a sticking point for Cuba during talks to reopen embassies. A US trade embargo against Cuba remains and can only be ended by Congress. Mr Obama met Cuban President Raul Castro at the Summit of the Americas in Panama last week, four months after he announced a historic thaw in ties with the communist island nation. The US president said on Tuesday that the government of Cuba had "not provided any support for international terrorism" over the past six months. Handshakes and optimism in Panama City He added that it had "provided assurances that it will not support acts of international terrorism in the future". A statement from Josefina Vidal, Cuba's top diplomat responsible for dealing with the US, said: "The Cuban government recognised the fair decision made by the president of the United States to eliminate Cuba from a list that it never should have been included on, especially considering our country has been the victim of hundreds of acts of terrorism that have cost 3,478 lives and maimed 2,099 citizens." Analysis - Thomas Sparrow, BBC Mundo, Washington This decision is the most concrete step to date taken by the US government to try to dismantle the structures that prevented a normal relationship between both countries for decades. And it carries a lot of weight too, because it officially changes the way the US government has viewed Cuba since 1982. The White House now believes Cuba does not support rebel groups such as Farc or ETA and  - more importantly - it thinks the government will not do so in the future. This is a significant message of confidence by the Obama administration towards the Cuban government. In Havana, ordinary Cubans welcomed the move. Erlinda Geroncelle told Associated Press: "We are not terrorists, just the opposite. We are supporters of peace and tranquillity, and good things for all." Sara Pino told Reuters: "It's time that Obama realised that Cuba is not what they say the world over. It's time to re-establish ties between Cuba and the United States." Cuba was first placed on the state department list in 1982, for what the US called efforts "to promote armed revolution by organisations that used terrorism". The US believes Cuba had long provided a safe haven for members of the Basque separatist group ETA and Colombia's Farc guerrilla group, according to its 2013 Report on Terrorism. White House press secretary Josh Earnest said the US still had differences with Cuban policies and actions, but they were not "relevant" to the terror list. Republican Senator Marco Rubio, a candidate for the US presidency, condemned the White House decision, saying Cuba remained a state sponsor of terrorism. Key moments in US-Cuban relations since Cuba's 1959 revolution 1960: US breaks off diplomatic relations and imposes trade embargo 1961: US backs failed Bay of Pigs invasion; Fidel Castro proclaims Cuba a communist state and begins to ally with USSR 1962: Fearing US invasion, Castro allows USSR to deploy nuclear missiles in Cuba. Crisis takes the two superpowers to brink of nuclear war 1980: Around 125,000 Cubans, many of them released convicts, flee to the US when Castro temporarily lifts restrictions 1993: US tightens embargo, which introduces some market reforms amid economic woe following collapse of the Soviet Union 1999: Cuban child Elian Gonzalez picked up in refugee boat off Florida coast and placed with relatives in Florida, against wishes of father in Cuba.  After numerous court decisions, US federal agents seize him to return to father 2002: US Under-Secretary of State John Bolton adds Cuba to "axis of evil" 2014: President Obama announces moves to normalise diplomatic and economic ties in a "new chapter" of US-Cuba relations	Cuba has welcomed as "fair" a US decision to remove it from a list of state sponsors of terrorism, saying it should never have been on the list in the first place.
Nile Ranger later deleted the picture but experts were able to retrieve it. The former Newcastle United player, who is now at Swindon Town, denies rape and said he had consensual sex with the woman in January 2013. The 22-year-old told Newcastle Crown Court he had never had sex with a woman against her will. Previously, the jury heard the woman had met him in a bar after the pair had swapped a number of messages. She said the next thing she remembered was waking up naked in a hotel room the following morning. CCTV footage from the Carlton Hotel in Jesmond showed the woman falling out of a taxi. The court was told that in a police interview Mr Ranger described helping her get up after she dropped her handbag in the road. He said: "I'm a gentleman... I'm rubbing her back, making sure she's all right, holding her." Toby Hedworth QC, defending, asked him why he took a photograph of the hotel sheets with the room key the next morning. Mr Ranger said: "I haven't a clue, to be honest." He had deleted it because "I knew the picture was wrong. I knew it did not look right." Mr Hedworth listed the footballer's previous convictions, which included burglary, drinking and driving, and battery, when last year he pulled the hair of his girlfriend at the time. His barrister asked: "Have you ever had sexual activity with a female against her wishes?" Mr Ranger said: "Never." The trial continues.	A footballer accused of rape took a photo of the bedsheets in a Newcastle hotel room where the attack allegedly took place, a court has heard.
Less than a month after it was announced he and his wife Beyonce are expecting twins - he is to receive a top songwriting honour. Jay-Z is to become the first rapper ever inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in the US. A handful of artists who are considered to have "enriched the world's culture" with their songwriting and music are selected for induction every year. Joining the hall of fame is a huge deal - previous inductees include Marvin Gaye, Bob Dylan, Dolly Parton, Bruce Springsteen and Michael Jackson. But no rapper has ever made the cut before. Jay-Z will be inducted as part of the hall's class of 2017 alongside Max Martin, who has written songs for Taylor Swift, Katy Perry and Ariana Grande. Other inductees this year will include Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis. The duo have written and produced number one singles for Janet Jackson, Mariah Carey and Usher, among many others. Songwriters are eligible for induction after writing hit tracks for at least 20 years. This explains why Jay-Z is being inducted now - as he recently passed the 20th anniversary of his debut album Reasonable Doubt, released in 1996. Chic guitarist Nile Rodgers, who was one of last year's inductees, said Jay-Z had "changed the way we listen to music". Madonna and George Michael were both nominated this year as well but weren't chosen this time. Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.	Jay-Z has several reasons to be happy right now.
It says it will "go further than ever before" to represent women, disabled people, ethnic minorities and LGBT people with its new diversity targets. The corporation wants to "meet or better" other broadcasters in representing the UK population by 2020. The BBC said it had made "good progress" but "there's more to do". "Almost half of our workforce is made up of women and the proportion of our workforce who are black, Asian and other ethnic minority is at an all-time high," a spokesperson said. "We'll continue doing what works but also develop new and innovative ideas to do even better, and we'll set this out in our new diversity strategy shortly." At present, 48.4% of BBC employees are women, with women in 41.3% of leadership roles. The BBC has pledged that 15% of its workforce will be drawn from black, Asian and minority ethnic (BAME) backgrounds in staff and leadership roles by 2020, as well as ensuring the same percentage for on screen, on air and in leading roles. Disabled people will make up 8% of the workforce and lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender (LGBT) people will also comprise 8% by 2020. The targets will apply to all genres of programming but will not be programme specific, it said. Mark Atkinson, chief executive at disability charity Scope, said it was "positive to see the BBC, and other broadcasters like Channel 4, reaffirming their commitment to on and off screen diversity this year". "We work with many talented disabled actors and aspiring presenters who are pushing hard to get a break. But it is still a huge struggle for disabled people to make it in the industry and there are too few opportunities," he said. In a statement, a BBC spokesperson said the proportion of staff from ethnic minorities was "at an all-time high" but it will "undertake to deliver more". "Significant steps forward have been taken but it is important to us that the BBC is truly representative of our all our audiences - diversity is more than any single characteristic," the spokesperson said. "We are the BBC and must be held to a higher standard. The range of the BBC's programme and services, and the fact that we will make sure that our approach to diversity is hardwired in everything we do, make these targets even more ambitious."	Women will make up half of the BBC workforce on screen, on air and in leadership roles by 2020, the corporation has announced.
Up to 200,000 golf fans from around the world are expected to attend next week's event. The temporary air restriction order has been put in place for the duration of the tournament, meaning personal drones will not be allowed. This means no aircraft other than an air ambulance or police helicopter can fly below 2,000ft within the area. Flights taking off and landing at Prestwick airport and under the charge of Air Traffic Control are not included in the restriction. Police said the restriction had been put in place for the safety of both the spectators and players. A police spokesman said: "In line with events of this nature, to ensure public safety and minimise disruption to the local community a number of restrictions are in place. In the coming days we will make use of our social media accounts to raise awareness on these." As well as the restriction on drones there are a number of traffic restrictions and road closures and police have advised visitors to check ahead of their journey.	Restrictions have been placed on the use of drones during the 145th Open at Royal Troon Golf Course.
As the striker underwent a medical at Villa Park ahead of a deal that could reach £12m, the Bees beat the Villans for the first time in 10 attempts. Lasse Vibe chipped the hosts in front after being teed up by Nico Yennaris. Yennaris poked in a second before the break and Vibe slotted in from Josh McEachran's pass to seal Villa's fate. A first league meeting between the two sides at Griffin Park since February 1947 saw Villa field new signings Birkir Bjarnason and Conor Hourihane, while winger Florian Jozefzoon made his Brentford debut. After a bright opening from Steve Bruce's side, when Alan Hutton's shot was saved by Brentford goalkeeper Daniel Bentley and Jonathan Kodjia dragged wide, it was the hosts who took command. Before Vibe stuck his fifth goal of the season midway through the first half, Harlee Dean had already nodded wide from a corner by Jota, whose pinpoint cross allowed Yennaris to turn in a Bees second from close range. Spaniard Jota almost made it three as half-time approached, while Vibe found the side-netting as Brentford pushed for a third goal. That came when Vibe collected McEachran's through ball and turned Hutton before slotting in expertly. Brentford's victory, which could have been even more emphatic in the closing stages, was only their second in nine home games, while Villa have lost five of their last six away league games, failing to score in each of those defeats. Brentford manager Dean Smith: "There was a freedom about the players tonight. We had pace down the flanks and that opened up the middle for us to pass through the lines really well. "We had a debrief after the Chelsea game and talked about how quick and athletic Chelsea were and the quality they had and we said if you push yourselves there are no barriers to stop you getting to that level. They did tonight." "With new signing Sergi Canos, Jota and Flo Jozefzoon, we have pace and a goal threat. I'd have loved Lasse to get his hat-trick but this was a team performance where our pressing after the first few minutes was exactly what we wanted and we put them under a lot of pressure." Aston Villa manager Steve Bruce: "We started brightly enough and had chances. Then we had to be better for the next 60 minutes, but we were poor all over the pitch both offensively and defensively against a very good Brentford side." "We can't just keep thinking we are going to buy our way out of it. We have to look like a team and do the basics and in this division if you don't do the basics right, you have horrible nights like this. "As soon as we conceded we went all over the place and didn't do a job at all. We have to question ourselves because it has to be a mentality we have to try to find away from home, where we are too easily beaten." Match ends, Brentford 3, Aston Villa 0. Second Half ends, Brentford 3, Aston Villa 0. Offside, Aston Villa. Alan Hutton tries a through ball, but Jonathan Kodjia is caught offside. Attempt missed. Jota (Brentford) left footed shot from outside the box is close, but misses to the left. Assisted by Lasse Vibe. Ryan Woods (Brentford) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Leandro Bacuna (Aston Villa). Attempt blocked. Jota (Brentford) left footed shot from the right side of the box is blocked. Attempt saved. Lasse Vibe (Brentford) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Josh Clarke. Substitution, Brentford. Alan McCormack replaces Josh McEachran. Foul by Konstantin Kerschbaumer (Brentford). Leandro Bacuna (Aston Villa) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Delay over. They are ready to continue. Delay in match Tom Field (Brentford) because of an injury. Tom Field (Brentford) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Jonathan Kodjia (Aston Villa). Attempt saved. Jack Grealish (Aston Villa) left footed shot from the left side of the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Assisted by Leandro Bacuna. Corner,  Brentford. Conceded by Jordan Amavi. Substitution, Brentford. Konstantin Kerschbaumer replaces Nico Yennaris. Substitution, Aston Villa. Jack Grealish replaces Henri Lansbury. Substitution, Aston Villa. Leandro Bacuna replaces Birkir Bjarnason. Conor Hourihane (Aston Villa) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Ryan Woods (Brentford) wins a free kick on the left wing. Foul by Conor Hourihane (Aston Villa). Substitution, Brentford. Josh Clarke replaces Florian Jozefzoon. Harlee Dean (Brentford) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Henri Lansbury (Aston Villa). Nico Yennaris (Brentford) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Birkir Bjarnason (Aston Villa). Goal!  Brentford 3, Aston Villa 0. Lasse Vibe (Brentford) right footed shot from the centre of the box to the bottom left corner. Assisted by Josh McEachran with a through ball. Harlee Dean (Brentford) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Birkir Bjarnason (Aston Villa). Corner,  Aston Villa. Conceded by Harlee Dean. Attempt missed. Lasse Vibe (Brentford) right footed shot from outside the box misses to the left. Assisted by Nico Yennaris. Attempt saved. Jonathan Kodjia (Aston Villa) right footed shot from a difficult angle on the right is saved in the centre of the goal. Assisted by Conor Hourihane. Foul by Tom Field (Brentford). Albert Adomah (Aston Villa) wins a free kick on the right wing. Corner,  Brentford. Conceded by Alan Hutton. Corner,  Brentford. Conceded by Alan Hutton. Foul by Florian Jozefzoon (Brentford). Alan Hutton (Aston Villa) wins a free kick in the defensive half.	Brentford shrugged off Scott Hogan's transfer deadline day exit by sealing a first-ever victory over his new club, Aston Villa, in comprehensive fashion.
Dublin-based Mageean, 24, will be returning to the Mary Peters Track to compete in a mixed 3,000m race. Meeting director Eamonn Christie coached the Portaferry woman for several years in Belfast before she linked up with Jerry Kiernan. Gillick, 32, will race in the 400m. The Dubliner clocked 48.05 seconds at a meeting in Italy last weekend as he continues a low-key comeback. That time was 3.28 seconds outside the Irish record he set back in 2009 but Gillick reported afterwards that he had plenty in the tank at the finish after not pacing the race correctly. The 2005 and 2007 European Indoor Champion has said that he is running purely for enjoyment at the moment and insists that he has no targets. County Down woman Mageean ran well in the winter as she set new Irish indoor 1500m and mile records but it will be interesting to see her form at the Mary Peters Track where Christie helped to develop her talent. While Mageean, who has qualified for the Olympic 1500m, will be the meeting's main attraction, a plethora of other international athletes will also be in action. Poland's European Junior Championship bronze medallist Matusz Borkowski, who has an 800m personal best of 1:47.73, will be joined in the two-lap event by his compatriot Gurdak Kamil (pb 1:47.34) plus Scotland's Cameron Boyek and Irishman Joe Warne. The women's 800m is shaping up to possibly be the race of the meeting with last year's winner England's Alexandra Bell set to take on a field which will include local athletes Katie Kirk, Aislinn Crossey, Erin McIlveen and Kelly Neely plus another Polish visitor Monika Halasa and Irish international Laura Crowe. Ballymena & Antrim's European Championship hopeful Christine McMahon will be in a women's 400m hurdles field which includes her fellow Irish international Jessie Barr plus British duo Jess Turner and Georgina Rogers. The men's 3000m is set to feature Irish middle distance talents John Travers and Kevin Maunsell while the Eamonn Christie-coached James O'Hare will be in a 1500m entry that also includes Irish international Rory Chesser and English duo Richard Weir and Dan Studley. Banbridge athlete Emma Mitchell will be up against Olympic Games-qualified Irish star Ciara Everard in the women's 1500m. The meeting is being jointly organised by Athletics Northern Ireland, Beechmount Harriers and the Irish Milers Club. After a number of underage races, the main programme will start with the men's 110m hurdles at 14:05 BST with Mageean's 3000m race scheduled for 14:56 and Gillick due to race at 16:04.	Olympic Games-bound Ciara Mageean and former European Indoor 400m champion David Gillick will be among the athletes in action at Saturday's Belfast International meeting.
Industry statistics released on Monday show theatres took an overall $1.354bn (£923m) in 2015, compared to 2014's total of $1.362bn (£928m). Audience figures also saw a dip from 13.13 million people to 12.98 million in 2015. Yet the year ended on a high as several shows, including Aladdin and The Illusionists, broke theatre records. The Broadway League said 2014 had set a surprising benchmark for takings and attendance. "We are very happy with this season because we are comparing it to the biggest season, and we are very close. It's hard to add to it until we add more theatres," said Charlotte St Martin, president of the Broadway League, in a Wall Street Journal interview. In addition, the difference between 2014 and 2015 was partly due to the number of total weeks overall that shows were on stage, the league said. In 2015 there were 33 fewer playing weeks than 2014. The league's figures show that 20 productions out of the 38 playing in the New York theatre hub took more than $1m in the seven days of last week. Musicals Book of Mormon, the Lion King and Wicked took more than $2m (£1.3m), while Aladdin made a record-breaking $2,398,110 (£1,633,907) for nine shows. The Illusionists at the Neil Simon Theatre took in $1,801,326 (£1,227,299) over 13 performances, breaking the record set at the venue by All the Way in 2014. Peter Pan tale Finding Neverland at the Lunt-Fontanne Theatre also enjoyed record-breaking takings of $1,477,174 (£1,006,444) for nine shows. The success of the final week of 2015 - in which Broadway box offices pulled in $43,065,466 (£29,341,844) - was not a total surprise since ticket prices habitually rise over the Christmas period and theatres put on extra shows. Yet the final six weeks of 2015 saw a $7m (£4.7m) drop in box office takings over the same period last year. But 2015 was a successful year if looked at from the perspective of the consistently successful musicals, such as the Lion King and Book of Mormon.  And the year also saw a hit in the new musical Hamilton, which earned unprecedented pop-culture attention.	Broadway's 2015 box office takings have dropped $8m (£5m) from the previous year despite a strong Christmas period.
A drug for treating prostate cancer that has spread was found to save lives when offered earlier, a study found. The trial looked at abiraterone as an additional treatment in patients with prostate cancer who were about to start long-term hormone therapy. Abiraterone improved survival, according to results published in the New England Journal of Medicine. Prof Nicholas James, from the University of Birmingham, who led the research, said: "These are the most powerful results I've seen from a prostate cancer trial - it's a once-in-a-career feeling. "This is one of the biggest reductions in death I've seen in any clinical trial for adult cancers." Abiraterone, also known as Zytiga, is a hormone therapy. Unlike chemotherapy which kills the cancerous cells, it stops more testosterone from reaching the prostate gland to stifle the tumour's growth. The trial involved almost 2,000 patients. Half the men were treated with hormone therapy while the other half received hormone therapy and abiraterone. Of the 1,917 men in the trial, there were 184 deaths in the combination group compared with 262 in those given hormone therapy alone. Prof James added: "Abiraterone is already used to treat some men whose disease has spread but our results show many more could benefit." Each year around 46,500 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer in the UK, and around 11,000 men die from the disease. The results of the trial were presented at the 2017 ASCO Annual Meeting in Chicago and published in the New England Journal of Medicine on Saturday. Sir Harpal Kumar, Cancer Research UK's chief executive, said: "These results could transform the treatment of prostate cancer. Abiraterone can clearly help many more prostate cancer patients than was first thought." The Institute of Cancer Research also "strongly welcomed" the new findings. Prof Johann de Bono said they showed that when used at the start of treatment, abiraterone had "clear benefits for patients". In March, patients with prostate cancer in England were told they could have early access to abiraterone. The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) previously said the treatment was not cost-effective for the NHS until cancers were more advanced. Prof Paul Workman, chief executive of the Institute of Cancer Research, said he was keen to now see abiraterone reassessed by NICE for use in patients "as early as possible".	One of the largest clinical trials for prostate cancer has given "powerful results", say UK researchers.
Tributes poured in for Benaud, a former Australian Test captain, after his death last year aged 84. The limited-run coin salutes his career on and off the field, and features iconic fan group "The Richies". It was conceived with the approval of Benaud's widow, Daphne. The Royal Australian Mint said the number of coins - 95,929 - was inspired by combining nine statistics from Benaud's playing career. After 63 Tests between 1952 and 1964, Benaud became even better known as a prolific commentator, author and columnist. He was a fixture of summer, inspiring a fan group who attended games wearing Benaud's trademark cream jacket. They also donned grey wigs and carried fake microphones as a light-hearted show of respect. Benaud last commentated in England in the 2005 Ashes series, but he worked on in Australia until 2013. The co-founder of The Richies, Michael Hennessy, said the commemorative coin was a fitting tribute to Benaud. "He's only the second cricketer to be honoured on a coin after Don Bradman," he told the BBC. "He'll never be replaced, obviously, he's a one-of-a-kind icon of the game." Mr Hennessy said it was an honour to have The Richies featured in the coin's final design. "So many people grew up listening to Richie, he shaped summer for so many people," he said. "Cricket has changed but the game will move on and at least it's nice to remember him with tributes like this." The Richies have petitioned to turn day two of the SCG Test, played in early January, to be officially recognised as Richie Day.	He was called "the voice of cricket" and now legendary commentator Richie Benaud will be the face of a 50 cent coin in Australia.
The scheme has been published by a group led by Eileen Evason, a professor in social administration. It comes in more than £80m under the £585m budget assigned to it as part of November's Fresh Start deal. The scheme proposes a series of supplementary payments to carers, people suffering ill health and families on low incomes. It also proposes that resources originally allocated to help those losing out due to tax credit cuts be used to help those affected by the introduction of universal credit. The Evason group is also funding a system of independent advice to help claimants deal with the changes. Prof Evason believes the regime of harsh sanctions already introduced elsewhere in the UK has led to deaths and suicides. She hopes a monitoring and protection system here will avoid some of the worst consequences of welfare reform. Although the overall mitigation scheme is due to last for four years, each individual claimant will get help for just one year after being deemed eligible. Claimants who lose more than £10 a week as a result of the phasing out of Disability Living Allowance will get payments equal to 75% of their loss. The report includes a proposal that claimants who have a conflict-related injury and are deemed ineligible for the new Personal Independence Payments should get extra points to help them qualify for help. As expected, the mitigation scheme covers Stormont's decision not to introduce the spare room subsidy, also known as the bedroom tax. The report also includes recommendations that Stormont should pilot strategies to tackle food poverty, potentially through a network of community food shops, social stores and supermarkets. Prof Evason says she had a positive meeting on Monday with the first and deputy first ministers and she is confident they will adopt her working group's proposals. She has suggested to the ministers that they should divert the £84m her group has not allocated to health and projects for vulnerable people.	Proposals to mitigate the impact of UK-wide welfare reforms in Northern Ireland have been published.
The correspondence was released by the council under freedom of information. In the papers, Woking MP Jonathan Lord writes to David Hodge that Communities Secretary Sajid Javid could cut funding for other councils to give Surrey £31m. The government has denied Labour claims Surrey was offered a "sweetheart deal". Opposition councillors in Surrey have said Mr Hodge's credibility has been undermined and have called on him to resign as council leader or face a motion of no confidence. Surrey County Council - Freedom of information requests Ms Keeley told the Commons: "Last night, Surrey County Council released many documents and texts revealing an extraordinary level of access that one council enjoyed with ministers and their advisers." The MP for Worsley and Eccles South said "my own council" [Salford City Council] was allocated 30 minutes with a junior minister after asking to meet Mr Javid to discuss "difficult" funding and loss of social care funds. "However, the leader of Surrey County Council was given meetings with [Mr Javid] on October 12, October 19 and January 9. "There were a number of further meetings with the communities secretary to discuss Surrey County Council's funding situation involving the chancellor [Philip Hammond], health secretary [Jeremy Hunt], and other Surrey MPs. "There was also a substantial stream of letters, emails and texts, and some of these may make surprising reading." Now the leader of Surrey County Council faces a motion of no confidence at the next council meeting. Opposition councillors have called on David Hodge to resign following the release of emails in which he called on the prime minister to send more cash "so that Surrey will continue to be a heartland for Conservatives". David Hodge admits to trying as hard as he could to get the best deal for his county, as any leader would. It's the sweetheart bit that sticks in the throat. As so often it's the claims of cover-up which seem more dangerous. If abandoning the 15% rise was entirely a decision for Surrey, was he misleading his councillors into thinking a deal with the government was still on the table, when it had been "firmly rejected" as the minister claimed today? Was David Hodge himself behind the release of embarrassing documents on Budget day? He certainly won't go down with a fight, even if it's with his own side. MPs heard comments from an email dated 9 January, in which Conservative MP Mr Lord wrote to Mr Hodge: "Sajid led me to understand before Christmas that he would be trying very hard indeed to find £30 or £40m to help Surrey out with the worst of its (government-dictated) financial dilemma. "I am extremely unimpressed that he has not come up with the goods." He also wrote: "If all his local government settlement money is really allocated... if the Treasury really is refusing to help out... and if he can't find a pot of money for the 'missing' learning disability grant...then Saj still has the option of adjusting all other council settlements down very slightly in order to accommodate the £31m needed for Surrey - and I think he should be encouraged to do this."	Correspondence between Surrey County Council's leader and ministers showed the Tory authority had "extraordinary access to government", Labour frontbencher Barbara Keeley has said.
Mr Trump's cabinet includes conservatives who oppose gay rights, and Gaga said she would work to protect  advances made by the LGBTQ community. "[We] are going to do everything that we can to protect the social progress we have made over the last eight years," she told BBC News. "Political progress cannot happen unless there is social progress. "You can create lots of jobs, you can create new policy - but those things cannot work unless people like each other, unless people are kind to one another. "We need to stay in a kind place and we need to bond during this time, and be as harmonious as possible, and intelligent in the way we approach this." Although Mr Trump has called himself a "real friend" of the LGBTQ community, several of his appointments have caused alarm within it. Early in his career, vice President-elect Mike Pence opposed same-sex marriage and appeared to advocate diverting government funds away from HIV treatment in favour of gay "conversion therapy". His spokesman recently denied this, telling the New York Times that Pence neither "supported or advocated" the practice. More recently, he signed into law a controversial Religious Freedom Restoration Act. Critics argue the law discriminates against the LGBT community by allowing businesses to refuse service over religious beliefs. Under national pressure, he later signed an amendment stating businesses could not discriminate against gay people, drawing criticism from conservatives who said they felt betrayed by the revision. There have also been concerns over the appointment of Jeff Sessions as attorney general. The Alabama senator opposed lifting a ban on openly gay people serving in the military and voted in support of banning same-sex marriage. Lady Gaga has long been an advocate for the LGBTQ community, and spent part of last week's Thanksgiving holiday visiting a shelter for homeless LGBTQ youth in New York. The star, who campaigned stridently for Hillary Clinton during the election, also protested outside Trump Tower when the results were announced last month. But she accepted that not everyone would see her as a suitable spokesperson on US politics. "I've done a lot in my career," she said. "I'm sure there's many people who would say 'Lady Gaga's not role model. Did you see this performance? Did you see that performance?' "But the truth is that when I was younger... I didn't quite understand the amount of attention that I had [or] the amount of people that would listen to me. "I am older now and I am aware of my voice in the world and I want to be as much of a role model as I can be through my music as well as my performance. "With my album, Joanne, the intention was to focus on family and focus on friendship and focus on kindness and vulnerability and the release of pain, the revealing of pain. "This album, for me, is a reminder to care about one another, care about your family and heal the wounds of intergenerational tragedy." Gaga was speaking to the BBC ahead of a secret gig for 65 fans in London. She performed from inside a giant "snow globe" on the roof of the Westfield Shopping Centre, playing acoustic versions of her songs  Bad Romance, Joanne and Million Reasons. "It's a very holiday-like, warm experience," she told the BBC. "I love my London and UK fans so much, and performing my new music for them in such an intimate and spectacular location was the perfect way to celebrate the holidays." Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.	Pop star Lady Gaga has called for an "harmonious" and "intelligent" response to Donald Trump's presidency.
Jarryd Mandy was especially delighted to have Prof Robert Kelly's blessing. Prof Kelly became famous when his live TV interview was interrupted by his happy children, oblivious to the importance of the moment. Mr Mandy and his partner Lauren Martin were so taken by the viral clip that they thought: "It can't stop here". Their cartoon The Adventures of Mina and Jack features the two children (names in real life: Marion and James) trying to help their father out with his important UN jobs. It is slightly removed from their real lives but the personality that shone through when Marion strutted in to the room is well-reflected. "She's gregarious, she's cunning, she's a go-getter," Mr Mandy said. She also wears the same big glasses and cheeky smile as Marion. Her little brother is in his walker - of course. There are several more episodes on the way and Mr Mandy is hoping to fill a series if they can get financial backing. They put their own money in to hiring an animation company for a pilot episode, which is already online. He and Ms Martin approached Prof Kelly before making the cartoon, and are hoping to meet the children next month. The professor - now also known as "BBC dad" all over the internet - gave his public approval to the cartoon on Twitter, where he acknowledged that many of his followers were there because of the children. Prof Kelly and his family live in South Korea while the couple live in the US. Mr Mandy said his hope was that the cartoon would be educational. The first trip features a trip to North Africa; in future, he said, it would feature South Korea. "We want them to bring exposure to different cultures," he said. "You can really bring a character to life with a cartoon."	One of the people behind a new cartoon based on the children who interrupted a BBC interview has said he is "thrilled" at reaction to it.
It's a last chance for players to impress British and Irish Lions selectors before coach Warren Gatland names his squad on 19 April. And with all four regions in action, Wales summer tour coach Robin McBryde has said performances could have a major impact on squad selection. So what's at stake and who can impress the selectors? Here's a quick guide to the two matches. There is more hanging on this one for third-placed Ospreys than the Blues. The Swansea-based region were looking safe in the Pro12 play-off places until losing their last two matches away at bottom club Treviso and at home against leaders Leinster. The 11 point buffer they enjoyed over the team in fifth-place before those results is now down to two, with Ulster and Scarlets breathing down their necks. Ospreys' two remaining matches after Saturday are against their main play-off rivals so they need a win to keep control of their own fate. At least Steve Tandy's men don't have to worry about European qualification, having already secured a place in the 2017-18 European Champions Cup. Cardiff Blues will face a play-off for a place in European rugby's top flight - even if they overtake sixth-placed Glasgow Warriors. Qualifying rules mean at least one team from each of the five participating countries qualifies, so Glasgow will take Scotland's place with Edinburgh marooned in ninth place. Revenge and pride may be motivating factors for Danny Wilson's team after they were thrashed by Ospreys in their previous meeting this season. Previous meeting: Ospreys 46-24 Cardiff Blues, 7 October Last season: Cardiff Blues 27-40 Ospreys Lions watch: With Dan Biggar sidelined keep an eye on Rhys Webb and Justin Tipuric of the Ospreys. With Sam Warburton out of action, it's difficult to see any of Saturday's Blues line up making the trip. Wales tour bolters: Olly Cracknell of the Ospreys and Blues wing Rhun Williams. Scarlets are hot on the heels of Ospreys and will overtake their west Wales rivals if they beat the struggling Dragons and Ospreys slip-up against the Blues. Dragons make a habit of playing well against their Welsh rivals, however, and could have won at Parc y Scarlets earlier this season. But current form suggests another win for Wayne Pivac's team as they strive for a place in the end-of-season play-offs by securing a top-four finish. With a difficult trip to Connacht and a final day showdown at home against Ospreys to come, Scarlets would like to get the points in the bag. Kingsley Jones' Dragons have lost nine consecutive matches, culminating in Saturday's 29-14 defeat by Zebre in Parma. They can finish ninth in the table, but will have an anxious eye on Zebre who are just two points behind them in 11th place. Previous meeting: Scarlets 31-27 NG Dragons, 8 October Last season: NG Dragons 20-34 Scarlets Lions watch: Plenty to watch in the Scarlets line-up. Jonathan Davies, Scott Williams, John Barclay, Ken Owens, Liam Williams and Rob Evans are potential candidates. Wales tour bolters: Rhys Patchell, James Davies and Steff Evans for Scarlets. Cory Hill for the Dragons.	Welsh Domestic rugby's biggest day of the season will see more than 55,000 spectators at the Principality Stadium for Judgement Day V.
DR Congo will replace the Comoros Islands, who withdrew for a second successive year. Originally scheduled for May, the tournament is now being staged from 11 to 25 June after hosts Namibia requested a change of dates. It means DR Congo could also include foreign-based players in their squad now that the tournament does not clash with the next round of African Nations Cup qualifiers. Last year, Ghana competed in the annual southern African championship with a team of home-based players but suffered an embarrassingly early exit and failed to deliver on the box office appeal the organisers had been hoping for. DR Congo will go into the 14-team tournament as the top-ranked side and will participate from the quarter-final stage onwards. The draw will take place on Monday, 25 April in Windhoek when the 14 teams will learn their fate and their seeding based on the April 2016 Fifa rankings. The tournament has for several years now been divided into two parts. In the first week there is a group competition with two groups of four. These eight countries are the bottom eight in the rankings but each guaranteed three games. They will be Angola, Lesotho, Madagascar, Malawi, Mauritius, the Seychelles, Swaziland and Zimbabwe. The two group winners are then joined by the six top-ranked nations (DR Congo, South Africa, Zambia, Botswana, Mozambique and Namibia) for the final knockout phase. But countries eliminated at the quarter-final stage still get to play at least one more match in a plate competition. Zambia and Zimbabwe have each won the Cosafa Cup on four occasions since the competition was first played in 1997. South Africa and Angola have three titles each, while Namibia claimed their first championship when they defeated Mozambique 2-0 in last year's final.	African Nations Championship winners Democratic Republic of Congo have accepted an invitation to participate in the Cosafa Cup in Namibia in June.
Ian Paterson, 58, who worked at hospitals run by the Heart of England NHS Trust and Spire Healthcare, faces 21 counts dating back to 1997. The surgeon, who treated about 700 women from 1993 to 2012, was suspended by the General Medical Council in 2012. He did not enter a plea at Birmingham Magistrates' Court and will appear at the city's crown court on 15 February. Mr Paterson, of Castle Mill Lane, Ashley, Altrincham, faces one charge of causing grievous bodily harm and 20 of wounding with intent. The alleged offences took place between 1997 and 2011. The GMC is investigating allegations that Mr Paterson, who worked mainly for the NHS at Solihull Hospital and two private hospitals run by Spire, carried out unnecessary, inappropriate or unregulated operations. Mr Paterson stands accused of carrying out invasive breast surgery on women with suspected breast cancer when a simple biopsy might have been sufficient. He is also accused of using a banned procedure, known as a cleavage sparing mastectomy, that involves leaving behind some potentially cancerous tissue for cosmetic reasons. Concerns about his work first surfaced in 2007, but it was not until 2011 that he was excluded from the trust where he worked. More than 550 patients were recalled to hospital to have their cases reviewed.	A breast surgeon has been charged with 21 counts of unlawfully and maliciously wounding 11 patients.
Scientists looked at hundreds of studies of mobile exposure and found no conclusive links to cancer risk, brain function or infertility. However, they said monitoring should continue because little was known about long-term effects. The HPA said children should still avoid excessive use of mobiles. It is the biggest ever review of the evidence surrounding the safety of mobile phones. There are now an estimated 80 million mobiles in the UK, and because of TV and radio broadcasting, Wi-Fi, and other technological developments, the study said exposure to low-level radio frequency fields was almost universal and continuous. A group of experts working for the HPA looked at all significant research into the effects of low-level radio frequency. They concluded that people who were not exposed above UK guideline levels did not experience any detectable symptoms. That included people who reported being sensitive to radio frequency. They also said there was no evidence that exposure caused brain tumours, other types of cancer, or harm to fertility or cardiovascular health. But they said very little was known about risks beyond 15 years, because most people did not use mobile phones until the late 1990s. Prof Anthony Swerdlow, who chaired the review group, said it was important to continue monitoring research. "Even though it's relatively reassuring, I also think it's important that we keep an eye on the rates of brain tumours and other cancers," he said. "One can't know what the long-term consequences are of something that has been around for only a short period." There has been speculation about the health effects of using mobile phones for years. The HPA conducted a previous review in 2003, which also concluded that there was no evidence of harm. But there is now far more research into the subject. Advice on children The experts said more work was needed on the effect of radio frequency fields on brain activity, and on the possible association with behavioural problems in children. They also called for more investigation into the effects of new technology which emits radio frequency, such as smart meters in homes and airport security scanners. The HPA said it was not changing its advice about mobile phone use by children. "As this is a relatively new technology, the HPA will continue to advise a precautionary approach," said Dr John Cooper, director of the HPA's centre for radiation, chemical and environmental hazards. "The HPA recommends that excessive use of mobile phones by children should be discouraged."	There is still no evidence mobile phones harm human health, says a major safety review for the UK's Health Protection Agency (HPA).
The Food Hygiene Rating Act (Northern Ireland) 2016 means that the Food Hygiene Rating Scheme is now mandatory. This system replaces a voluntary scheme that has been run since the end of 2011. District councils will carry out inspections and businesses must have stickers in public view. Scores will range from '5', which means the food hygiene standards are very good, down to '0' where urgent improvement is necessary. The new stickers will be displayed at restaurants, pubs, cafes, takeaways, supermarkets and other food shops as well as hospitals, care homes and schools. Health Minister Michelle O'Neill said: "I am delighted to see the Food Hygiene Rating Act, which was passed by the assembly in December last year, coming into operation today introducing the requirement for food businesses to display their hygiene ratings." She added "With display rates remaining low it was clear that legislation was required to ensure that all businesses provide this information." The FSA's Michael Jackson believes the new system will help to improve food hygiene standards across Northern Ireland. "The mandatory display will encourage businesses with a poor rating to improve their standards and strive for a better rating," he said. "Any food business should be able to achieve and maintain a 5 rating as it only requires compliance with hygiene requirements set down in law." He added "If you can't see the sticker, then ask the staff. Under the act staff must tell you the rating if asked." Next year as a result of a further regulation, businesses which offer online ordering of food will need to publish their rating online so it can be seen before an order is placed. Ratings can also be checked on the Food Hygiene Rating Scheme website. It is anticipated that 90% of food businesses within scope of the scheme will be displaying the sticker within the next two months. When any food business is inspected by a food safety officer from the district council they are checked and assessed on how the business meets the requirements set down in food hygiene regulations This comprises three elements: Findings from each of these elements are taken together and result in the food hygiene rating given. A low rating means that there are serious failings.	From Friday food businesses in Northern Ireland are required by law to display their Food Standards Agency stickers to the public.
Media playback is not supported on this device Faissal El Bakhtaoui met a Haber cross at the front post to prod the home side ahead after 15 minutes. Haber was the creator again as he chested the ball into the path of Kostadin Gadzhalov to extend the lead three minutes before the break. It was Haber pressuring Steven Anderson for the third after 57 minutes, with the Saints man with the final touch. The Perth side had arrived at Dens Park hoping for a win that would draw them level with fourth-placed Hearts. But they came up against a Dundee side that showed why they are now unbeaten at home in five games. The only thing that has been consistent this season about Paul Hartley's Dundee has been their inconsistency. With four wins, four losses and one draw in their last nine games, it is easy to see why they have struggled to force their way up the table. But a change of formation, enforced through a combination of injury and illness, certainly paid dividends on a blustery afternoon at Dens Park. The opening goal came when El Bhaktaoui made a darting run towards the near post, where he connected with Haber's cross. The home side doubled their advantage before the break when Gadzhalov volleyed home after Haber chested down a free kick into his path. St Johnstone had the perceived benefit of a strong wind behind them in the opening 45 minutes, but they failed to cash in whenever they had sight of goal. Blair Alston came closest with a free-kick from 25 yards out that beat goalkeeper Scott Bain but crashed off the crossbar and Murray Davidson sent a diving header over the upright after a persistent spell of pressure from the Perth side. Tommy Wright introduced Chris Kane at the break and the striker was denied by a last-gasp block by the excellent Julen Extebeguren at the heart of the Dundee defence. Dundee were playing with a confidence rarely witnessed so far this season and Mark O'Hara showed great tenacity and strength to set up a third for the home side. Stealing the ball from Davidson around 25 yards from goal, he slipped the ball through to Tom Hateley and his cross into the box was met by Steven Anderson. The Saints captain could do no more than deflect the ball beyond goalkeeper Zander Clark and into the back of his own goal. On this evidence, Dundee will head into 2017 with optimism and can look forward to the new year. Despite their defeat, Saints will no doubt continue to drive forward in the coming months with much to be positive about. Dundee manager Paul Hartley: "Faissal El Bhaktaoui was terrific. He has had to adjust from two leagues down, where he scored a lot of goals. "It was never going to be easy for him, but we have been patient and give him a little bit of confidence. "We had to adjust our shaper today, but we felt with O'Hara, El Bhaktaoui, Haber and Wighton, we could have a real go today with six behind them. "I think the break is coming at the right time for us. "It's been a tough start, but if you look at our home form, with 13 points from the last 15, it's been good. "The players need a break mentally and physically away from the club and maybe away from me for some time." St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright: "The first goal is crucial in most games and it was today again. "I can't be too critical in terms of how we had the ball as I felt we dominated the ball and created lots of opportunities. "If we were guilty of anything, it was possibly just that final pass going astray and making the wrong decision. "Ultimately, we got caught on the counter-attack and we should deal with that better. "I am looking again at what we have achieved in this calendar year - and win lose or draw today, we have had a magnificent 2016. "There are many clubs with more resources than we have and we do better than a lot of clubs." Match ends, Dundee 3, St. Johnstone 0. Second Half ends, Dundee 3, St. Johnstone 0. Corner,  St. Johnstone. Conceded by Cameron Kerr. Corner,  Dundee. Conceded by Murray Davidson. Danny Swanson (St. Johnstone) is shown the yellow card for a bad foul. Cameron Kerr (Dundee) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Danny Swanson (St. Johnstone). Attempt missed. Richard Foster (St. Johnstone) right footed shot from outside the box is too high following a corner. Corner,  St. Johnstone. Conceded by Cameron Kerr. Substitution, Dundee. Danny Williams replaces Faissal El Bakhtaoui. Attempt saved. Danny Swanson (St. Johnstone) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the centre of the goal. Attempt missed. Paul McGowan (Dundee) right footed shot from the centre of the box is just a bit too high. Attempt missed. Brian Easton (St. Johnstone) header from the centre of the box is close, but misses to the left following a corner. Corner,  St. Johnstone. Conceded by Kostadin Gadzhalov. Attempt missed. Christopher Kane (St. Johnstone) right footed shot from the left side of the box is high and wide to the right. Attempt blocked. Danny Swanson (St. Johnstone) right footed shot from outside the box is blocked. Graham Cummins (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Julen Etxabeguren Leanizbarrutia (Dundee). Delay in match Kostadin Gadzhalov (Dundee) because of an injury. Tom Hateley (Dundee) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by David Wotherspoon (St. Johnstone). Paul McGowan (Dundee) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Foul by Graham Cummins (St. Johnstone). Corner,  St. Johnstone. Conceded by Julen Etxabeguren Leanizbarrutia. Substitution, Dundee. Nick Ross replaces Mark O'Hara. Attempt saved. Faissal El Bakhtaoui (Dundee) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the top right corner. Substitution, St. Johnstone. Graham Cummins replaces Steven MacLean. Corner,  St. Johnstone. Conceded by Kostadin Gadzhalov. Foul by Julen Etxabeguren Leanizbarrutia (Dundee). Christopher Kane (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Corner,  St. Johnstone. Conceded by Cameron Kerr. Tom Hateley (Dundee) wins a free kick in the attacking half. Foul by David Wotherspoon (St. Johnstone). Foul by Tom Hateley (Dundee). Murray Davidson (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick in the defensive half. Corner,  St. Johnstone. Conceded by Scott Bain. Attempt saved. Danny Swanson (St. Johnstone) right footed shot from outside the box is saved in the bottom left corner. Substitution, St. Johnstone. David Wotherspoon replaces Paul Paton. Foul by Kostadin Gadzhalov (Dundee). Christopher Kane (St. Johnstone) wins a free kick in the attacking half.	Marcus Haber led from the front as Dundee ended St Johnstone's five-game unbeaten run with clinical finishing.
It might be taken for granted - but no previous generation of children will have had the experience of having their entire childhoods intensively and publicly documented in this way. In the UK, the average parent with a social media account has posted 1,498 photos of their child online by their fifth birthday, according to a survey by domain name company, Nominet. This might be a global phenomenon for proud parents - but what about the children, who will have been too young to have any choice in the matter. But the very first people to have had some of their childhood pictures posted online are now reaching adulthood. And they are not always happy about their formative years being preserved in digital aspic. "When I was 12 or 13 I started realising there were things [on Facebook] that I thought were a bit embarrassing," said 16-year-old Lucy, from Newcastle, whose dad has been posting pictures of her on the social networking site since she was seven. "I asked him to take them down and he was happy to, but he didn't quite understand why. If I had been asked [at the time], do you want these photos out there for all to see, I would've probably said no." Even those who were pleased to be on social media as children are less sure about it now. Dana Hurley, 20, from east London, said that as an 11-year-old she was happy for her parents to post photos of her on Facebook. "At the time it was exciting… I liked attention. Now it's kind of weird because you look back and think, this was for everyone to see," she said. She has de-tagged herself from most of her childhood photos online, meaning that the pictures do not show up on her profile, though they are still on the site. Parents may not realise it, but by posting photos and videos of their children online, they are creating an identity for their children that might not be welcomed, according to psychologist Dr Arthur Cassidy, who specialises in social media. "One of the major arguments is, do parents have the right to assume control over their child's identity?" he said. "They believe, this is our child, we own their identity. But children believe they can change and control their identity online." Lucy is a good example. She said she had asked her dad to de-tag her from "stuff that doesn't necessarily represent who I am now." "It was never a big issue or anything bad, just stuff I preferred people didn't see," she said. "There were photos my dad posted of me in Year 6 and Year 7 [aged 11 and 12]. Back then I was quiet and shy, I didn't really have lots of friends. "That's not necessarily where I am now, and it's not something I'd want to remember every time I log on to Facebook… It isn't the best memories, which is the way you'd like to portray yourself on social media." But Francesca Ivaldi, 21, from south London, said growing up online had its upsides - such as staying in touch with family around the world and creating an easy-to-access record of happy memories. Her Facebook profile includes pictures of her from the age of 13 onwards. More stories from the BBC's Global education series looking at education from an international perspective, and how to get in touch. You can join the debate at the BBC's Family & Education News Facebook page. "My family are across the globe," she said. "It's a nice way to document things. You could see it as, that's amazing, I've got this entire backlog. You can look back on it and have a really nice timeline. "But it depends how you see it… Some people think, I can't believe that, it's so embarrassing." Stories about online privacy are often about children and teenagers being warned of the dangers of publishing too much personal information online. But in this case it's their parents who are in the spotlight. "Parents are very careful of saying to their kids, think about what you're putting online," said Justine Roberts, founder and chief executive of the parenting website Mumsnet. "I think the [idea that] actually you're posting about someone else, is less discussed on Mumsnet. "I think it's because parents are thinking, they're not going to put deeply revealing or difficult pictures of their children up. Nonetheless, they're still putting pictures out there." Parents had no "natural instinct" about what would be the right level of pictures on social media, she said. "We uniquely do not have an insight into being that teenager and having a body of pictures that are out there already," she said. "We haven't woken up and thought, I wish my mum hadn't put those embarrassing baby pictures up." For some parents, the safest option is avoiding social media altogether. Kasia Kurowska from Newcastle is expecting her first child in March and has agreed with her partner Lee to impose a blanket ban until her child is old enough to make their own decisions about social media. "The idea that you're documenting their whole life before they get a chance to decide if they want it on there, just doesn't sit quite right with me and my partner," she said. "Children are their own people, and sometimes we can forget about that." But she has two big concerns about her plan. Firstly, it will be difficult to impose. "At parties, or when their auntie comes round and wants to take a picture, we're going to have to be like paparazzi police, saying, please don't put these on Facebook. People will think we're right humbugs." And secondly, the child might resent not having an online presence, especially if all of their friends do. "I do have a concern that I've over-thought it and they'll come to me and complain that they don't have a record on social media of their lives," she said. "But I will have a digital record of them. It just won't have been shared on a platform for the masses."	Parents from Shanghai to Chicago are proudly putting pictures of their children on social media.
Dyma un cynnig sydd yn cael ei ystyried gan Lywodraeth y DU. Pe byddai yn cael sêl bendith, fyddai teithwyr ddim yn gorfod talu rhwng 22:00 a 06:00. Mae'r llywodraeth wedi dweud yn barod ei bod yn ystyried gofyn i geir, faniau a bysiau bychain dalu £3 am groesi'r pontydd erbyn 2018. Mae gweinidogion hefyd yn ystyried trefn newydd fyddai'n golygu na fyddai llif traffig yn cael ei effeithio wrth yrru trwy'r tollau. Byddai'r drefn yn golygu cael gwared ar y bariau tollau wrth i gamerâu gael eu gosod a fyddai'n adnabod ceir sydd yn croesi'r pontydd. Mae'r holl faterion yn cael eu trafod fel rhan o ymgynghoriad sydd yn dod i ben Mawrth 10.	Gallai pontydd Hafren fod yn rhad ac am ddim i groesi yn y nos.
The 22-year-old was diagnosed with MND three years ago, making her the youngest person in Scotland with the terminal disease. MND, which usually affects people over 50, gradually makes gripping, walking, talking and swallowing extremely difficult - and eventually impossible. It kills about a third of people within a year and more than half within two years. Lucy tells the BBC Scotland documentary MND and the 22-year-old Me that it is like being "slowly paralysed". As the condition progressively takes hold she worries that her "hilarious personality will slip away". Over the past three years she has had to deal with using a wheelchair more as she can no longer walk unaided, but losing her voice holds new fears for the self-confessed "chatterbox". "If I did lose my voice it would be the worst thing for me," she says. "I could cope with everything else, just not losing my voice. "I don't think I'd be able to handle that because most people know me for my weird-ass laugh." Lucy, from Garmouth in Moray, first started experiencing difficulties with her balance and co-ordination at a summer camp in the US. Her friends say she kept falling down and was slurring her words. When she returned home she had a strange limp and was referred to a neurologist, who eventually diagnosed MND. Lucy's father Robert says: "He just started talking matter-of-fact saying 'it's a terminal illness, no cure, you've got about three years to live'." MND, also known as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), occurs when specialist nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord, called motor neurones, stop working properly. It is a relatively rare disease, affecting up to 5,000 adults in the UK at any one time. Lucy says: "I am the youngest [in Scotland] living with MND. "So it's not as if I can ask a granny or grandpa how they have dealt with it, or a mother or father, because it's completely irrelevant. "There was no-one my age who I could really talk to." So after her diagnosis, Lucy moved back from Glasgow, where she had been studying, and tried to make sense of her condition. She wrote a bucket list of things she wanted to do, started publishing online blogs and began raising money to help the search for a cure for MND. So far, she has raised more than Â£120,000, some of which is going into studying zebra fish at the Euan MacDonald Centre for MND research in Edinburgh. "Unlike me this amazing little fish can rebuild its motor neurones even after its spinal cord has been damaged," she tells the documentary. At the moment there is no known cure for the disease. Lucy adds: "There is so little promise for people with MND. I've even heard it referred to as death sentence. "I hate it when people say 'death sentence'. It gets me so mad." Her mother Lydia says: "It is just acceptance that you cannot do anything about MND at the moment. "It is just a waiting game to see how long we have got her for really, but hopefully they can find a cure or help that will be in time for Lucy." In very rare cases, such as the cosmologist Stephen Hawking, people can live with the disease for decades. He has famously spoken via a voice simulator for 30 years. In preparation for the possibility that she might need similar technology, Lucy visited the voice bank in Edinburgh to record her speech. However, due to the effect the disease has already had, the technicians sought to blend Lucy's voice with that of her older sister Laura. "I genuinely don't think I'll get to that point where I'll need it," Lucy says. "But if I am wrong I'll still have my voice to use and mum and dad will still have to listen to me." Despite travelling the world ticking off items on her list and raising thousands for charity, Lucy admits that it has become very tiring and she no longer goes out very much. A visit to renowned portrait photographer Rankin at his London studio brought home to her how much MND had changed her life. Paisley-born Rankin, who has photographed celebrities from Madonna and Kate Moss to the Queen, has also created many images showing the "defiance, strength and vitality" of people with terminal illnesses. He tells the documentary: "Obviously I am dealing with a really young girl who is facing something that she should not be facing." Viewing the images created by the photographer is an emotional moment for Lucy, reminding her of her old self before the illness. Rankin says: "It is a very revealing, a very tough thing to do, because she is looking at a photograph and she can see what she could be." Lucy says: "When I saw the photographs I cried because it was like me before I was diagnosed - before my life really changed. "In that moment I realised that up until that moment I'd seen myself as two different people. "There was the Lucy Lintott who was adventurous, fun-loving, crazy and clumsy - I suppose the more perfect one of the two. "Then MND Lucy who is terminally ill and needs people to live really. "It just overwhelmed me that I was still the Lucy of before. "It allowed me to mould myself back together and realise I'm still the same person and that only parts of me have changed." MND and 22-year-old Me is on BBC Two Scotland on Tuesday 1 August at 21:00 and will be on the iplayer afterwards.	There are plenty of things that make having Motor Neurone Disease (MND) "crappy" but losing the ability to speak and laugh would be too much, says Lucy Lintott.
The government said businesses in the country's biggest city, Dar es Salaam, were expected to stop shisha sales within seven days. Shisha smoking has become increasingly popular with young people in Tanzania. But there has been growing concern that smoking the fruit-scented tobacco through a bowl and tube could be used to cover up alcohol or drug abuse. The BBC's Tulanana Bohela in Dar es Salaam says there have been cases of some users replacing the water with alcohol or marijuana infused water. Prime Minister Kassim Majaliwa is reported to have said that shisha smoking was killing future generations. Shisha smoking is common in many Arab countries and in Tanzania was traditionally an activity associated with Arab or Asian groups. However, as in Europe, it has grown in popularity across society in recent years. Health campaigners in the UK have warned of the dangers of smoking shishas, also known as hookahs, narghiles, arghilehs or hubble bubbles. Doctors say there is a "misconception" that shishas are not as harmful as cigarettes and the British Heart Foundation says an hour-long shisha session can be the equivalent of smoking more than 100 cigarettes. "Traditionally shisha tobacco contains cigarette tobacco, so like cigarettes it contains nicotine, tar, carbon monoxide and heavy metals, such as arsenic and lead," it says. "As a result, shisha smokers are at risk of the same kinds of diseases as cigarette smokers, such as heart disease, cancer, respiratory disease and problems during pregnancy."	Tanzania has banned the smoking of shishas or water pipes over concerns of links with drug or alcohol abuse.
The former Labour shadow chancellor lost a dance-off to Judge Rinder star Robert Rinder on Sunday night. Balls had been the show's surprise star despite often being at the bottom of the leaderboard but this week, the public vote failed to save him. Meanwhile, controversial rapper Honey G was eliminated from ITV's X Factor. Balls and Rinder competed in the dance-off, both reprising their routines from Saturday night's show. The ex-politician and his professional partner Katya Jones danced their tango to (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction by The Rolling Stones, while Rinder and his professional partner Oksana Platero performed their rumba to Lean On Me by Bill Withers. All four judges decided to save Rinder for another week, with both Craig Revel Horwood and Darcey Bussell citing "technical" ability. Bruno Tonioli added: "Well, I have to choose the better dancers. Judge Rinder and Oksana." Balls told Strictly co-presenter Tess Daly: "If people watching have had half the fun I've had learning to dance with Katya then they must have had a complete blast because it's been such a fabulous thing. "The judges, all the supporters, the make-up team, the wardrobe, in particular that band are the best in the world. It's just wonderful." But his highest praise came for his partner and the voting public. "Above all the only reason we have been able to learn and to entertain is because of Katya, and it's her first series. She is going to go on to be a total dynamite, knock-out Strictly star, she is just the best there is. Absolutely amazing. She is utterly brilliant. "And to all the people who have kept me in this long, thank you very much, I'm very grateful. I've had a wonderful time." Saturday night's leaderboard was topped by two couples - Hollyoaks actor Danny Mac and partner Oti Mabuse, and singer Louise Redknapp and partner Kevin Clifton. Redknapp said Balls would be "hugely missed", adding: "I think he was such a big personality around here and all of us really looked forward to watching Ed's numbers each week." Mac said if people were asked about Strictly in 2016 "they are going to say two words - Ed Balls". Former Prime Minister David Cameron also paid tribute to Balls, with whom he clashed many times in the House of Commons, tweeting: "Well done @edballs - we're very proud of you! #Strictly won't be the same without you." Others who paid tribute to Balls on Twitter included his wife, Labour MP Yvette Cooper, who tweeted: "Always knew @edballs would love doing #strictly, never does anything by halves. Just glad so many other people have enjoyed it with him" And Nick Robinson, the former BBC political editor and presenter of Radio 4's Today programme, referenced the ongoing Brexit situation by tweeting: "How's about a second referendum on Edxit? @edballs @SCD_UK #strictly" Mac and Mabuse had the highest score from the judges, with four 10s for their samba. But Redknapp won the show's first ever Cha Cha Challenge, which saw all six couples dance at the same time. The win added six points to her score and brought her and Clifton level with Mac and Mabuse for the top spot. The other two couples to make it through were Olympian Claudia Fragapane and her partner AJ Pritchard, and BBC Sport presenter Ore Oduba and his partner Joanne Clifton. The five remaining couples will return to the dancefloor in the quarter-final on Saturday 3 December at 19:00 GMT, with the results show on Sunday 4 December at 19:20 on BBC One. Meanwhile, Honey G has been voted off X Factor after a sing-off with boy band 5 After Midnight. Considered by many to be the novelty act in this year's competition, Honey was eliminated after judges Louis Walsh, Nicole Scherzinger and Simon Cowell all chose to save the boy band. Her performances have drawn criticism, with singer Lilly Allen describing her as a "white lady that dresses up in Ali G, Goldie Lookin Chain kind of attire" and rapper Professor Green saying she was "taking the right mickey out of rap". On Saturday, police were called to the set of the show after a man ran up behind Honey G and tried to touch her as the judges were giving her feedback. Honey, whose real name is Anna Georgette Gilford, said on Sunday that the show had been a "completely life-changing experience". Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.	Ed Balls has become the 10th celebrity to leave Strictly Come Dancing, saying he had had a "wonderful time" during his improbable run on the show.
Born in Surrey in 1943, he started his career as a singer while still at college, and spent three years singing with a dance band at the Bournemouth Pavilion Ballroom. Blackburn got into radio when he read in the music press that DJs were wanted by a pirate radio station. He successfully applied and made his first radio appearance on Radio Caroline South in 1964. "I was 21 years old going out there on there on the North Sea and playing all this wonderful music," he told OK!TV on Channel 5  in 2011. "Nobody in this country had ever heard radio like it before. It had an enormous impact. "I remember going to New York and sat in a hotel room for two days and just listened to American radio. I thought that's what we must have in this country - and we were able to go out and do it." He then joined Radio London in 1966 and introduced the first ever soul programme in the UK. In 1967 Blackburn became the first person to broadcast on Radio 1 and hosted the breakfast show until 1974. He remained at Radio 1 until 1984 and while at the station he became a household name. He also hosted Top of the Pops throughout the 1960s and 1970s. "The Radio 1 DJs were a massive attraction. We were mobbed everywhere we went," he told the Guardian in 2014. After Radio 1 his career moved into local radio. He worked at BBC London where he hosted a soul programme and consequent weekly club nights called Soul Nights. He left to join Capital Radio in 1988 and launched their new Capital Gold station where he presented his soul shows until 2002. He also presented soul shows on Jazz, Smooth and the Real Radio Network and spent four years presenting the Classic Gold Network breakfast show. He joined the Smooth weekend breakfast show in 2008 and also presented shows on KCFM in Hull and KMFM across Kent. Over the years he gained a reputation for being "cheesy" and author of cringe-inducing one liners. Paul Whitehouse's comically dim character DJ Dave Nice (half of Smashie and Nicey), was said to be based on him. But he told The Telegraph in 2010 he had no regrets. "I'm an entertainer, I've got to entertain. So what if people say I'm cheesy? Nothing wrong with that." In 1977, when he split from his actress wife Tessa Wyatt, he played Chicago's If You Leave Me Now repeatedly on his radio show and begged for her to return.  This he calls his "one big broadcasting mistake". In 2002 his career saw an upturn when he won the first series of I'm a Celebrity Get Me Out of Here. Speaking to Piers Morgan in 2014, he said he "loved doing the programme". "I thought it was terrific... it was terribly flattering, I had no idea that I would win it. To win something like that was tremendous, I really wanted to do it because it was the first one." But he said he never saw it as a way to revive his career. "I never thought of myself as being a joke, when I left Radio 1 when my contract wasn't renewed after 17 years, I didn't realise how far down I'd got, but I didn't go into the jungle to re-establish myself, it wasn't the point, it was a television programme that I found quite fascinating." In 2010 he returned to national radio when he took over Radio 2's Pick of the Pops programme from long-serving host Dale Winton. He called it his dream job.  "I was 37 when I left Radio 1, and 2 seemed a natural progression. So it's only taken 30 years,'' he told The Telegraph. Although he admits he "wasn't the greatest singer", he also kept up his singing from his early days and has released 29 singles over the years, which were brought together in an album in 2012. Blackburn has won 36 awards across his career. In 2014 he won his second lifetime achievement from the Radio Academy for 50 years' service to broadcasting.	Tony Blackburn is one of Britain's best known DJs and is known as one of the hardest working radio presenters in the country having presented shows on a number of radio stations.
IS fighters have surrounded the area again, leaving many families with little access to food or water. Four months since the US and Britain provided aid to those stranded, those that remain rely on Iraqi helicopters for life-saving provisions and rescue. The people face regular attacks by IS but have few heavy weapons to defend themselves. Haydar is a teenage Yazidi boy who says he has taken up arms to protect his family Ahmed Thwenee is an Iraqi air force helicopter pilot who flies regular aid and rescue missions to Sinjar After helping Yazidis escape from IS, Aliya and Azan's family first went on the run only to then find themselves trapped for months on Sinjar	Months after thousands of Iraqi Yezidis threatened by Islamic State (IS) militants escaped to safety from Mount Sinjar, the BBC's Nafiseh Kohnavard has gained rare access to the mountain, where thousands more civilians who did not flee are still trapped.
Thorpe Park had offered a 12p entry price to a limited number of people who logged into its site at 10:00 GMT on Good Friday using a promotional code. Hundreds of people complained on social media that they were met with a sold out message at the stroke of 10:00 GMT. The Surrey attraction said technical difficulties were to blame. It confirmed later that all 1,871 discounted tickets were sold by 10:00 GMT. Emma Elms described the situation as an "absolute joke" on the theme park's Facebook site. "I uploaded my details at 09:59 to be told they had sold out, absolute joke, if you are going to advertise tickets at a selling time of 10am you should at least stick to that," she said. Another unhappy customer, Rachel Rose, said the website displayed the sold out sign at 09.57 GMT and she was "absolutely fuming". "Why advertise a selling time of 10am if all of them are sold out prior to that? So disappointed with Thorpe Park today - good luck to you on all of the phone calls and emails you will be receiving from unhappy customers." Thorpe Park later tweeted: "Due to tech difficulties our sale went live a few minutes sooner than anticipated. "Sorry for any inconvenience caused." The theme park also posted: "We understand everyone's frustration with our technical difficulties today. We are replying to all tweets and thank you for your patience." Some customers who got one of the 12p tickets also took to Twitter to boast of their success. Entry to the attraction in Chertsey usually costs from Â£27.99 per person online. In a statement, Thorpe Park said the ticket discount was organised to celebrate the arrival of its new ride Derren Brown's Ghost. "A problem with an increase in the bandwidth to the website meant the sale went live "two-three minutes earlier than expected. "All tickets were sold and email confirmations sent to the winners of the 1,871 tickets by 10am. "Sorry to those that were unsuccessful, and congratulations to those who secured a 12p ticket."	A theme park has had to apologise to disappointed customers after heavily discounted bank holiday tickets went on sale sooner than advertised.
Scott has been chosen in a 12-strong squad for Rio 2016, the first time the sport has been part of the Games. "At my local club I had to play in the boy's team because there was no women's rugby team," Scott, 24, told BBC Essex. "That we are actually going to an Olympics is something I couldn't have dreamed of." Scott hopes that the exposure women's rugby will enjoy in Brazil will inspire future generations of players. "I used to sit at home on my sofa with my mum and dad and we'd watch the Olympics. Being a rugby player I never dreamed that could be me," she said. "Hopefully now it's something aspiring young women rugby players can look to achieve." Scott, who was out of action for five months last year after breaking her leg in a game against Saracens, is joined in the squad by Thurrock Women's team-mate Heather Fisher. The Essex side are part of Women's Championship South One and finished second last season. "I wouldn't have been able to achieve what I have without their support and everything they've allowed me to go and do over the past few years," said Scott. "I absolutely love it there. It is absolutely fantastic to be part of the club."	Team GB women's sevens fly-half Emily Scott can hardly believe she is going to the Olympics after starting her playing career in an Essex boy's team.
Connery played past-his-best boxer Malcolm "Mountain" McClintock in the 1957 play Requiem for a Heavyweight, which was broadcast live on the BBC. Director Alvin Rakoff recorded the play for posterity and stored it in his attic where it remained for 55 years. "He was tall, good-looking and had charisma from the start," he said. Connery "was an extra" at the time, said Rakoff. "One of those guys who rang every other day and asked: 'Do you have any work for me?' "I did a show called The Condemned, in which he played four of five parts for me - one was an old man who had been in prison for a long time and had gone a bit bonkers. "I tried to get one of the other extras to do it and he wasn't quite right and Sean said: 'I can have a go at that, Al'." Requiem for a Heavyweight was written for US television in 1956 by The Twilight Zone creator Rod Serling and starred Jack Palance in the lead role. The play won a Peabody Award. Rakoff said it was his future wife, Doctor Who actress Jacqueline Hill - who he had cast in the BBC adaptation, who convinced him to cast Connery in the Palance role of a boxer who is told that he can no longer fight for health reasons. He told BBC News: "I got a call from his [Palance's] agent who said: 'Jack ain't gonna show'. Something better had come up and he didn't want to come to England. "She [Jacqueline] said, 'Have you seen Sean?... the ladies will like him', which was quite a remarkable statement but it was true, women adored him and so I called him and narrowed it to two fellows and Sean got it." Because the play was broadcast live and no recording was made, it had been thought the performance was lost until Rakoff, 87, remembered the recording he had made during a recent interview and found it gathering dust in his London home. Speaking on his decision more than 50 years ago to make the recording, he said: "I had suddenly thought: 'Maybe this is an important piece,' and I spoke to the man in the sound booth and asked him to do a reel-to-reel so he had an audio recording, and he did." The British version was screened on 31 March 1957 on the BBC's Sunday Night Theatre anthology and co-starred Till Death Do Us part actor Warren Mitchell and another young actor by the name of Michael Caine. "It went out on American television so there were commercial breaks and on the BBC there weren't any and Sean had a big costume change and I rang Rod and said we needed a new scene just to let him change. "He said, rather nonchalantly, 'I hear you can write Alvin, you write it'. "I cast two actors as has-been boxers who were struggling and Michael Caine was one of them. People in rehearsals watched the little scene and said: 'That guy's going to go far'." The crackly recording of Requiem for a Heavyweight features Connery's unmistakably Scottish burr despite the character being written as an American. Rakoff said: "We worked hard and long on the accent, he was trying but couldn't get rid of some of the Scottish-ness and in fact Michael Barry, who was the head of drama at the time came to rehearsals and he said: 'Are you sure you want to go ahead with this guy, I don't think he can do it'. "I said: 'Michael I can assure you he can do it'." In 1962, Connery became a household name when he played James Bond in his first big screen outing Dr No and would go on to become one of the biggest film stars of the 20th Century. Now in his 80s, Rakoff is still working and has just written the conspiracy thriller The Seven Einsteins.	A recording of Sean Connery's first-ever lead TV performance, which was thought to have been lost forever, has been unearthed by the film's director.
Adrian Lubecki, 19, from Ipswich, is charged with being concerned in the supply of controlled drugs. Police believe the deaths of three men in Suffolk and a fourth man in Telford, Shropshire, could be linked to a dangerous batch of ecstasy. Officers urged anyone in possession of the red triangular pills marked with the Superman "S" logo not to take them. Mr Lubecki, of St Matthews Street, also faces a charge of possession with intent to supply a Class B drug. He is due to appear at Ipswich Magistrates' Court on Monday. Two other men arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the supply of controlled drugs have been released on bail while police inquiries continue. Two men from Ipswich who died have been named locally as Justas Ropas, 22, and Gediminas Kulokas, 24. They died on Christmas Eve and New Year's Day. The deaths of John Hocking, 20, from Rendlesham in Suffolk, and a 27-year-old from Telford, who both died on New Year's Day, have also been linked to the drug. Mr Hocking's friend Jack Harrison, of Martlesham Heath, urged people to learn from his death as it had "hurt a lot of people". He described how their group of friends had released lanterns into the sky in his memory on Friday. "He had the biggest heart. He was a truly one-of-a-kind type of bloke - he carried an energy with him. "It's a horrible situation which people have to deal with." A fifth man, from Provan Court estate in Ipswich, who was reported as being unwell along with Mr Kulokas, was taken to hospital by air ambulance in a serious condition but is now recovering, police said. Suffolk Police said a 37-year-old man was taken to Ipswich Hospital when he became "unwell" in the early hours of Sunday and told officers he had taken a "S" marked tablet. The man, who lives in the town, has since been discharged from hospital. He had initially been arrested on suspicion of being drunk and disorderly.	A man has been charged in connection with three suspected drugs-related deaths in Suffolk.
The 39-year-old was walking on Forbes Place, near to its junction with Causeyside Street, when he was assaulted by a group of people. He was taken by ambulance to the Royal Alexandra Hospital in Paisley where his condition was described as serious. Police have appealed for witnesses to the incident, which took place at 20:25 on Saturday, to come forward. Det Insp Tom Carty, of Paisley Police Office, said: "Inquiries are ongoing at this time to gather more information on the circumstances surrounding this incident and those responsible. "At this time I would urge anyone who witnessed the attack take place, or who has any information that may assist the police investigation, to contact Paisley Police Office through 101."	A man is being treated in hospital for serious head injuries after an attempted murder in Paisley.
Skipper Niamh Briggs and Sene Naoupu are the only backs to be retained, with Briggs switching to centre in Dublin. Mary Healy and Ulster's Nikki Caughey form a new half-back pairing, while Kim Flood, Liz Burke and Alison Miller are also drafted into the backs. Lindsay Peat, Elaine Anthony and Ciara Cooney are called up to the forwards. The backs changes see Elise O'Byrne-White, Aine Donnelly, Mairead Coyne, Nora Stapleton and Larissa Muldoon losing their starting roles. Forwards Ruth O'Reilly, Claire Molloy and Paula Fitzpatrick drop to the replacements, while Sophie Spence switches from lock to number eight. Full-back Flood and wing Burke will win their first caps and scrum-half Healy will make her first Six Nations start. Up front, prop Peat earns her first Ireland start and Elaine Anthony will make her Six Nations debut when she partners Marie-Louise Reilly in the second row. Claire McLaughlin, an unused substitute against England back in November, will be hoping to win her first cap from the bench. After winning their opening game against Wales, Ireland slipped to defeats against France and England. Tierney said: "We have been strong in passages of our play but mistakes proved to be costly. "We've made a number of changes this week and this is to allow players the opportunity to show us what they can do." Italy lost their opener 39-0 against France but a 33-24 defeat by England was followed by a 22-7 win over Scotland. Ireland: Kim Flood; Liz Burke, Niamh Briggs, Sene Naoupu, Alison Miller; Nikki Caughey, Mary Healy; Lindsay Peat, Cliodhna Moloney, Ailis Egan; Elaine Anthony, Marie-Louise Reilly; Ciara Cooney, Ciara Griffin, Sophie Spence. Replacements: Zoe Grattage, Ruth O'Reilly, Fiona Reidy, Claire Molloy, Paula Fitzpatrick, Larissa Muldoon, Nora Stapleton, Claire McLaughlin.	Ireland women's coach Tom Tierney has reacted to the defeat by England by making eight changes for Sunday's Six Nations game against Italy.
"If we're going to talk the talk, we have to walk the walk," insists the Pritzker Prize-winning Chilean architect Alejandro Aravena - curator of this year's Venice Architecture Biennale. "[The Biennale] is not about the advancement of architecture but about improving the quality of lifeâ€¦ and the way architects try and do that is through the built environment. "The first thing was to define what are the front lines, what are the challenges, what are the problems? "Inequality, migration, pollution and the production of waste are the kind of things every single citizen suffers or experiences." So, instead of "producing more debris", he decided to create the first room of his sprawling exhibition in Venice's Arsenale out of the waste materials from the unwanted exhibition stands used in last year's Art Biennale. The walls of the room are constructed from 100 tonnes of discarded plasterboard, layered horizontally to look like elegant rows of chalky bricks, while the ceiling shimmers with the effect of a huge mass of misshapen metal studs hanging down like stalactites from above. For him, "value should not be dependent on the cost of materials, but from the way you deal with them." It's a point underlined in a modelled plan for how a modern European city might respond, in architectural terms, to a large influx of migrants. It shows a public realm designed by the architect, around which are a series of low-rise apartment blocks that have been plumbed and wired but have little else - for example, there are no dividing walls or windows. These, says Aravena, would be supplied by the new resident after taking a trip to the local DIY store. Basic, yes - but far better, he thinks, than a tent in a muddy field pitched on the edge of a city. His concerns about the practicalities of city living in the 21st Century are echoed in the British Pavilion, which has been commissioned by the British Council. Three young curators have presented an exhibition that explores possible answers to the country's housing problems. An over-sized mock-up of the front door to 10 Downing Street sets their show and ideas into a political context, while questioning the Elizabethan notion of a front door for all. They argue that our attitude to the home needs to change - it shouldn't be how big it is, but how long do you need it for. Hence, their exhibition starts with A Home For Hours, a crash-pad full of day beds in which resources are pooled for a better quality of life, where domestic appliances, board games, clothes and shoes are shared. It's an idea that might seem a little far-fetched to some, but for those Millennials who have grown up in an age of student debt and rocketing house prices, it could present a practical solution to a pressing problem. Another room is a Home for Days, consisting of two "Zorbs", giant spherical inflatables into which you can jump and sleep - the concept being that we already spend so much of our time living in a virtual bubble, why not go the whole hog and live in an actual one? A Home for Months, meanwhile, is a tiny two-storey tower containing a bed, bathroom and kitchenette - a structure designed to be arranged in rows within a larger room where residents would share communal spaces. It's a contemporary take on the boarding house: affordable city living for the i-Generation. The celebrated architect Lord Foster is also in Venice presenting his latest creation - not, this time, a fancy tower block or gorge-spanning bridge, but a modest, vaulted brick-built building which he claims to be the world's smallest airport. It's the next stage in a project he's being working on for some time, which would see this "drone-port" installed in Rwanda as a base from where remote-controlled machines can take off and deliver much needed supplies to inaccessible areas. It looks a little like a mud hut, but is actually a highly complex computer-based design that is the result of a partnership with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. With the aid of cutting edge computer science and buried steel tension ropes, the largely self-supporting structure uses a fraction of the materials such a building would normally need and can be made with minimum expertise. It's a project that fits perfectly with Aravena's vision for this Biennale. "The scarcer the resources, the greater the need to think creatively about the use of those resources - and that, in the end, is down to mind power, it is creative. "To build quality projects doesn't mean you have to have costly materials." The Venice Architecture Biennale runs from 28 May to 27 November 2016.	With thoughts on how to house Millenials and designs for an airport for drones, the visionary architects and curators at the Venice Architecture Biennale are looking to the future.
The 102-turbine farm, off Walney Island, was developed by Danish energy company Dong Energy. It created 60 jobs at the firm's operations centre in Barrow. It was built in two phases with the second set of 51 turbines completed in six months - a record for the wind farm sector. Benj Sykes, from Dong Energy, said: "Walney is the first project in the UK to be backed by institutional investors before it was built, a confidence justified by the speed and efficiency of the construction."	An offshore wind farm off the Cumbrian coast, described as the largest in the world, has become fully operational.
Cash was taken from the High Noon Spar store on King Street, Carmarthen, on Monday, after a man carrying a knife entered the shop at about 21:50 BST. On Saturday, Dyfed-Powys Police said a man had been arrested on suspicion of robbery and was in custody. The force said it was continuing to investigate.	A 27-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the robbery of a shop in Carmarthenshire.
A dog walker found the animal trapped inside the bin on Friday in an area known locally as The Approach. The cat - which has been named Dusty - had been left with a puppy blanket but no food or water. It is now being looked after at the charity's animal rescue and re-homing centre and being treated for eye and ear injuries. Scottish SPCA Inspector Geraldine Lawrie said, "Dusty is a very friendly and affectionate wee man so he's obviously belonged to someone. "He's lucky that he was found by the member of the public whose dog took an interest in the bin. "Dusty was inside the bin with the lid closed." She said that a vet who had seen the cat was confident it would recover from its injuries. "We are appealing for anyone who has any information, or noticed any suspicious activity to get in touch with our animal helpline on 03000 999 999," she said. The Scottish SPCA said that abandoning an animal was an offence under the Animal Health and Welfare (Scotland) Act 2006. It said anyone found guilty of doing so could expect to be banned from keeping animals for a fixed period or for life.	The Scottish SPCA has appealed for information after a cat was found dumped in a recycling bin in Stranraer.
The song's fluid guitar riff and optimistic lyrics pick up exactly where the band left off in 1995. It debuted on Annie Mac's BBC Radio 1 show at 20:00 BST and was made available to buy and stream immediately after. The release ends years of speculation, and is expected to herald a third album by the influential Mancunian band. Hints about the track first appeared at the start of the week, when the Stone Roses' lemon logo appeared on billboards around Manchester. On Thursday afternoon, they announced the single's imminent arrival on Twitter, but gave no clues as to the name or style of the song. Band members had discussed new material ever since they reformed in 2011, but nothing has emerged until now. Speaking in 2011, singer Ian Brown said: "It's not a trip down memory lane, not at all. We are doing new songs." No songs appeared. Last year, bassist Mani said the band had "been working on a few bits" and a new album was coming in "2015 man, 2015!" No songs appeared. And in March 2016, Brown confirmed to the NME that the quartet were in the studio with Paul Epworth (Adele, Primal Scream, Florence and the Machine, Paul McCartney). "It's going like a dream," he said. "It sounds glorious." Fans who had spotted The Stone Roses visiting Epworth's Church Studios in North London were previously told the band was rehearsing for upcoming shows at T in the Park, Madison Square Garden and Manchester's Etihad Stadium. Supposedly named after a novel by Sarah Gainham, the band were at the forefront of the "Madchester" indie scene in the late 1980s and early 1990s, which also spawned the likes of Happy Mondays and The Charlatans. They scored hits with tracks including Fools Gold, I Wanna Be Adored, She Bangs The Drums and Love Spreads - their biggest single, reaching number two in 1994; while their eponymous 1989 album is regarded as a seminal work, combining psychedelic pop and funky basslines. Legal wranglings as they tried to part company with their original record label kept the band occupied until 1991, after which they took another three years to produce the follow-up, Second Coming. Drummer Reni quit in 1995, followed months later by guitarist John Squire. The band struggled on for another six months with former Simply Red session guitarist Aziz Ibrahim before finally splitting up against a backdrop of internal arguments and legal cases. Frontman Brown went on to pursue a solo career (and made a brief cameo in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban) while bassist Mani joined Primal Scream. Squire formed his own band The Seahorses and has also forged a career as an artist. Their 2011 reunion was triggered by the death of Mani's mother, as well as a detente between Brown and Squire, but recording sessions seemed to have been fruitless - with the band presumably wary of tarnishing their legacy. Nonetheless, they became a bankable live act. Fans snapped up 150,000 tickets for their first two reunion shows in Heaton Park, Manchester, in summer 2012 in just 14 minutes.	The Stone Roses have released their first single in 21 years, an upbeat psych-rock track called All For One.
Mr Erdogan confirmed the snap election on Monday, after Mr Davutoglu had failed to form a coalition in the wake of polls in June. Mr Davutoglu's AK Party lost its 12-year majority rule largely because of the success of the pro-Kurdish HDP. Election board chairman Sadi Guven said the poll would be held on 1 November. Mr Erdogan asked Mr Davutoglu to be interim PM at a meeting on Tuesday at the presidential palace. Part of Mr Davutoglu's job will be to oversee the elections. He has five days to form a cabinet. The constitution says all parties should be represented in the interim administration but this is the first time such a government has been needed and the leader of Turkey's pro-Kurdish opposition said he would not be surprised if Mr Erdogan tried to exclude it. Kurdish Peoples' Democratic Party (HDP) leader Selahattin Demirtas said it would be prepared to take part, although the main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP) and Nationalist Movement Party (MHP) have refused to do so. The CHP, which came second in June's vote, had asked for a mandate to try to form a new government. But the president instead opted for a re-run of the elections. Mr Erdogan, who founded the AK Party in 2001, previously denied allegations that he had undermined the coalition talks in order to force a new vote. June's result appeared to block his plans to boost the powers of the presidency in Turkey. In the new election, the AKP will need 60% of seats to be able to call a referendum on presidential powers. With a two-thirds majority it could change them without a referendum. But the AKP only secured 41% at the polls in June. The political uncertainty comes amid rising violence in Turkey and neighbouring Iraq and Syria. An uneasy two-year ceasefire with the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) fell apart last month, after a suicide bomb blamed on the so-called Islamic State killed 32 young activists in the largely Kurdish city of Suruc, close to the Syrian border. In recent weeks Turkish forces have carried out attacks on militants from IS in Syria and have bombed Kurdish PKK camps mainly in northern Iraq. The army said on Tuesday it had carried out further strikes against PKK bases in northern Iraq, killing 34 PKK members.	Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has appointed PM Ahmet Davutoglu to head an interim administration ahead of elections in November.
Police released CCTV showing the alleged assault that happened in Croydon on 16 October on the 166 bus. The pensioner suffered a black eye. Officers said a girl was arrested on suspicion of causing actual bodily harm. A second girl involved in the incident has been identified but not arrested, they added. More on this story and news from London Police had earlier said the suspect had got on the bus at a stop in Brighton Road, Coulsdon. Inquiries are ongoing, police said.	A 14-year-old girl has been arrested after an 87-year-old woman was punched on a bus in south London.
However, the number of new subscribers in the US was less than the company had forecast, prompting shares to fall in after-hours trading. It attributed this to the "ongoing transition to chip-based credit and debit cards". The firm said revenue rose to $1.74bn (Â£1.1bn) from $1.41bn a year earlier. In the US it had predicted an extra 1.15m subscribers in the third quarter, but in fact saw just 880,000 new additions. In an interview to discuss the results, the chief financial officer David Wells said the move to new, more secure chip-based devices, which banks in the US have been introducing this year, often meant that customers had to re-enter their details. "There may be other things going on here but certainly the transition is not helping," he said. Barton Crockett, an analyst at FBR Capital Markets said: "The slowdown in US subscriber growth was particularly disappointing because one would expect that since Netflix just raised rates last week, this number would have been strong." Netflix has been doing a fair bit of gambling lately. First, it took the not-unanimously-popular decision to remove thousands of films from its catalogue in favour of spending money on original programming. And then last week it said it was going to up its prices as well. Slow user growth in the US will worry investors - although the company has blamed the transition in the US to chip cards, rather than waning interest. Internationally there were more new subscribers than anticipated, suggesting the chip excuse may be a valid one. As for its future direction, Netflix's chief executive Reed Hastings and chief content officer Ted Sarandos told investors the company was looking to compete with the likes of Vice, but Netflix's PR team later stepped in to clarify that this didn't mean Netflix had its eye on becoming a news organisation. It's only natural that Netflix would be looking to add new genres to its original programming offer. But it will be years until we'll know whether Netflix's gambling has paid off. Follow Dave Lee on Twitter @DaveLeeBBC Internationally, the company added more subscribers than it had predicted, 2.74m compared with a forecast of 2.4m. It has recently launched in Spain, Italy and Portugal and plans to expand into South Korea, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Singapore in early 2016. "It is clear that Internet TV is becoming increasingly mainstream and traditional media companies are adjusting to the shift from linear to on-demand viewing," the company said in its letter to shareholders. Last week Netflix, which makes programmes such as House of Cards and Orange is the New Black,  increased prices in several countries, including the US, in order to "improve our ability to acquire and offer high quality content". It also decided not renew a contract with the distributor Epix, meaning that thousands of films, such as the Hunger Games and Transformers, will be removed from its site. The company said this was because most of the content was not exclusive and often only available in the US. It said that so far it had seen "no material reduction in US feature film viewing".	Online TV company Netflix gained another 3.62m subscribers between July and September, to take its total to 69.17m.
American Kisner, 33, trailed overnight leader Webb Simpson by three strokes before clinching the second PGA Tour title of his career. Defending champion Jordan Spieth, 23, was tied second with fellow American Sean O'Hair and Spain's Jon Rahm, while Simpson finished fifth in Texas. England's Paul Casey started the day tied second but ended tied in 10th. The 39-year-old recorded four bogeys in a torrid final round. Simpson, who had a two-stroke lead going into the final round, bogeyed the first and last holes. Rahm, 22, had the best chance to force a play-off, but missed a 10-foot birdie putt at the last as Kisner overcame late nerves to secure victory. He had a bogey at the 16th before sinking a five-foot par-saving putt at the final hole. "I'm just happy to win any tournament, but especially here. I love this place," said Kisner.	Kevin Kisner produced six birdies in a final round four-under-par 66 to win the Dean & Deluca Invitational.
The 29-year-old Serb is the second big name to withdraw from the event, after world number one Andy Murray did likewise for the same reason. Defending champion Djokovic apologised to fans who had bought tickets to see him play in Miami. He lost to Australian Nick Kyrgios in straight sets in the last 16 at Indian Wells last week. "My doctor has strongly advised against play because my elbow injury, that I keep carrying on for months, got worse in the past week," he said. "I will do everything in my power to recover and do all the necessary therapy to be able to return on court as soon as possible." Briton Murray will extend his lead at the top of the world rankings to more than 4,000 points as Djokovic will lose the points he earned from winning in Miami last year. The Scot will lead the Serb by 3,090 points on Monday - but that will increase to more than 4,045 points at the beginning of next month.	World number two Novak Djokovic has pulled out of next week's Miami Open because of an elbow injury.
The Pro12 sides meet on Sunday at Murrayfield and then again at Scotstoun on 2 January. As well as league points, the teams will be battling to win the 1872 Cup over two legs. "Dealing with pressure is really, really important," said former Edinburgh and Scotland back Paterson. "Your opportunities could be very, very few and far between. Your opportunity could be in the opening five minutes of the opening game and you've got to take it. "You may not get another opportunity because everybody will be so tense over the two games. That's the key thing - keeping a calm head under pressure. "You need some of your players, obviously, to get wound up and be more aggressive than others but you need the decision makers to be really clear under pressure and strike when you have opportunity to because there won't be a huge amount of opportunities." Paterson, now an MBE, does some coaching with the Warriors and had two spells at Edinburgh as he became Scotland's most-capped and highest scoring player. "It's your typical derby in many ways," he said of meetings of Scotland's two professional sides. "It's fiercely competitive on the field and off the field. There's a great tradition that the supporters compete as well. "On the field, it's real - it's hard rugby, it's meaningful rugby, it's league points at stake but there's an 1872 trophy at stake as well. "There's a real edge to it. What we have now is two teams that are really strong, really competitive. We've got reigning [Pro12] champions in Glasgow and you've got an Edinburgh team that are vastly improving - final of the European [Challenge Cup] last year. "All that goes out the window when you come head-to-head. It comes down to you against your opposite number in a derby match and it's hard. "They will be close. You've got two teams playing towards the top of their games, over two legs, it's an aggregate score in the 1872 Cup. The team that wins the first leg has a huge advantage."	Chris Paterson believes "a calm head under pressure" could be the key to success in Edinburgh and Glasgow Warriors' annual double-header.
Cases heard in England's magistrates' courts currently take 149 days on average to complete - a week longer than four years ago. In some parts of the country, magistrates take three times as long to deal with cases as elsewhere. The Ministry of Justice said new technology would speed up courts. Magistrates in England and Wales, whose courts process about 90% of all criminal cases, dealt with 1,360,858 defendants last year, 5.4% fewer than the 1,444,505 in 2011. Crown courts saw 139,000 cases in 2014. In July, the government announced 57 magistrates courts and two crown courts would close in the wake of a 30% budget cut since 2010, which has seen HM Courts and Tribunals Service funding cut from Â£1.5bn to Â£1bn. BBC News Online reporters covered the working of courts in three parts of England on Monday. They encountered: To look back at the Local Live court streams visit Beds, Herts & Bucks, Northamptonshire or Suffolk. Ministry of Justice figures obtained by the BBC show what victims call a "postcode lottery" in the justice system. In the Sussex (Western) region, magistrates cases take an average of 124 days to be dealt with. In Furness and District, in Cumbria, the figure is just 37 days. Â£8,000 Estimated cost of the prosecution 11 times the case has come to Milton Keynes Magistrates' Court 3 times Tina Beloveth Powerful has failed to appear for sentencing October 2014 when the case first came to court Corby has some of the slowest courts in England, taking 108 days on average to deal with cases. This, the court's bench chairman Terry Knights warns, could be causing some cases to collapse, letting the guilty walk free. "I fear we are right on the cusp of things suddenly starting to unravel. The whole court system is Dickensian," he said. "It isn't unusual to get a court appearance which is someone's sixth court appearance for one case. "At the end of the day some of the witnesses and some of the victims say I can't be bothered with this - and they don't turn up and  therefore the case falls apart. Justice isn't done." A senior Essex magistrate, who asked not to be identified, said there was a "perfect storm" for delays in the county, which has a growing population, court closures, crime hotspots including a major international port and airport and the introduction of new police software which has caused issues. "We are seeing trials taking place something like a year after events that are in court," he said. "During that year people's memories have faded, some people who were prepared to give evidence don't wish to do so any longer, so both the quality and quantity of evidence, which is absolutely critical, starts to slip away. "The other thing is the victims of the alleged offence don't get the closure. They have this hanging over them for very much longer than they should do." The step-father of a sexual assault victim in Suffolk, who cannot be named for legal reasons, said: "The court system is a postcode lottery, the time cases take really depends on where you live. "The whole process was about twice as long as it needed to be and the impact on us as a family was awful and we will never forget how terrible that was." Danielle Moss, whose ex-partner was jailed for three years for causing injuries to their son Ollie, said the case took two years and three months to get to trial. "It is an awful long time, you feel like you're living a sentence," said Ms Moss, who believes her former partner is innocent. Essex lawyer Caroline Woodley at law firm OBWPerera, told of "a huge backlog of trials" in her area. "We experience a lot of delays. It is bad and it is probably getting worse. Delays are happening on a daily basis. "In court, the majority of the delays involve us not getting the paperwork on time from the prosecution whether at the initial court hearing or after that, prisoners not being delivered at the right time or to the right court, interpreters not turning up on time or to the right court and there are delays in getting cases listed." Heather Robbie from Victim Support said: "Cases are taking longer to come to court, it sometimes takes more than a year between the original crime and it coming to court. "It is tough for victims. In our experience some people are really quite frustrated, they get stressed and anxious, it can affect their physical and mental health and it can affect the quality of their evidence." Justice Minister Shailesh Vara said: "The magistrates are stating the obvious. There are delays. We know that. "We want to make sure that delays are minimised if not eliminated completely, because it is important that justice takes place efficiently and properly and to make a system that is less stressful for all concerned. He said the delays in the worst areas were not "acceptable", adding he wanted to see video conferencing and use of mobile telephones in people's sitting rooms to deal with certain cases.	Magistrates have warned the criminal justice system is "on the cusp" of breaking down amid growing delays, court closures and funding cuts.
The case will decide if a child born with serious disabilities caused by her mother's alcohol consumption should be compensated as a victim of crime. Some estimates suggest thousands are born every year in the UK with serious health defects caused by alcohol. Senior health officials have said there are mixed messages on the issue. NHS guidance states "women who are pregnant or trying to conceive should avoid alcohol altogether". But it continues: "If they do choose to drink, to minimise the risk to the baby, we recommend they should not drink more than one or two units once or twice a week, and should not get drunk." The Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists has said "current scientific opinion points to there being no hard evidence that very small amounts of alcohol consumption during pregnancy are harmful". But advice and research can seem inconclusive. According to the Foetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder (FASD) Network, which supports families affected by the problem, health defects caused by alcohol include learning difficulties as well as behavioural and emotional problems. Pregnant mothers need to be educated to steer clear of alcohol, said Maria Catterick, FASD Network's founder. "We are told that alcohol is a poison on the one hand, but on the other hand we are told that maybe it's OK to drink one or two units." Alcohol-related pregnancy risks Dr Shonag MacKenzie, lead obstetrician at Northumbria Healthcare NHS Trust, believes the advice can be confusing: "A small amount can lead to more drinks," she said, "we do know that actually the only absolutely safe policy is no alcohol at all in pregnancy." In September, 12 directors of public health in the North East of England wrote an open letter complaining that there were "a lot of mixed messages about how much alcohol is 'safe' during pregnancy". "We want to send a clear message to parents-to-be that alcohol and pregnancy don't mix - the safest option is an alcohol free pregnancy," they said in the letter. "This needs to be the advice given during all stages of pregnancy from conception to birth by all healthcare professionals," they added. A Department of Health spokesman said the chief medical officer for England was reviewing alcohol guidelines, with new draft guidelines expected next year. One woman who lives in the North East and asked not to be identified adopted baby girls who were later diagnosed with Foetal Alcohol Syndrome (FAS). "Due to the brain damage both my children have problems with ADHD, bits of autism, sensory dysfunction, memory problems," she said. She said there was a shortage of support services for children with FAS, and her girls would need help into adulthood. "When they are both around 18 to 20 years old chronologically, they are only going to be like a 10-year-old socially." The Court of Appeal will decide later this month whether a seven-year-old with FAS and now in local authority care is entitled to a payout from the government-funded Criminal Injuries Compensation Scheme. Neither the council, which is in the North West of England, nor the child can be named for legal reasons. Solicitor Neil Sugarman, who represents the council that is taking the claim on behalf of the child, said the mother "had been warned on a number of occasions that if she continued to drink excessively the child would be harmed". "It's for the court of appeal now to decide whether recklessly taking alcohol was tantamount to poisoning the foetus," Mr Sugarman said. He said his firm, Bury-based GLP Solicitors, represented about 80 other children damaged by foetal alcohol. But campaigners fear the compensation claim could end up labelling mothers as criminals. "I don't believe at all it is worth going down this route to criminalise women," said FASD Network's Maria Catterick. "Most women would never drink alcohol, knowingly harming their baby. The messages have been totally unclear," she added. Mr Sugarman denies the compensation claim will criminalise women. He said the case was "simply about proving that if there was recklessness and it has resulted in damage, the child is then entitled to an award which will improve their lives". Listen to PM from 17:00 BST on BBC Radio 4, Monday to Saturday each week.	Campaigners and doctors are calling for stronger warnings about drinking during pregnancy, ahead of a legal test case on foetal alcohol syndrome.
Mrs Foster wrote the letter in 2015 when she was the Finance Minister. She told the BBC last week she had no recollection of the letter to then local government minister Marco Biagi. No correspondence had been sent in a personal capacity, she added. At the time the Scottish government was bringing in legislation to allow a civil partnership made in another jurisdiction to be recognised in Scottish law as a marriage. When asked about the letter by the BBC, Mrs Foster said: "I'm not quite sure what he (Mr Biagi) was referring to but it certainly wasn't a letter from me and I've no recollection of a letter from me. "If I'd written to him officially as Minister of Finance or something like that around recognition laws here in Northern Ireland, I have no recollection of it. I certainly didn't write in a personal capacity." Mrs Foster's letter came six months after her party colleague and predecessor Simon Hamilton wrote to Mr Biagi. That letter has also been released, along with Mr Biagi's replies, following a BBC News NI Freedom of Information request. The letters show that Simon Hamilton asked the Scottish government in March 2015 either to not exercise a power to convert non-Scottish partnerships or to exercise the power "in such a way as to exclude Northern Ireland civil partnerships". Mr Biagi wrote back to Mr Hamilton stating that it was the Scottish government's intention to allow a civil partnership made in a jurisdiction outside Scotland to become a same-sex marriage. Then in September 2015 Arlene Foster, who had succeeded Mr Hamilton as finance minister, wrote to say she shared her predecessor's concerns about the proposal. She also argued that civil partnerships formed in Northern Ireland should be excluded from being allowed to become same-sex marriages in Scotland. "In this instance we can achieve legal certainty by restricting the definition of a 'qualifying civil partnership' so as to exclude civil partnerships which were entered into in Northern Ireland," she wrote.	A letter has been released showing that Arlene Foster wrote to the Scottish government to say allowing NI civil partnerships to be converted to Scottish same-sex marriages would mean legal "uncertainty".
The average home-owner in the capital could now swap their property for three and a half similar homes in the north of England, the survey shows. In the three months to the end of September, prices in London surged by 10.6%, Nationwide said. By contrast, prices in north west England and Scotland actually fell. It follows similar evidence from the Land Registry earlier this week. In the meantime the annual pace of UK house price growth picked up in September. Prices grew at an annual rate of 3.8%, compared with 3.2% in August, the building society said. Property values were 0.5% higher in September compared with the month before, with the average house price now at Â£195,585. The average price for a property in London is now 127% more than in the UK as a whole, according to the Nationwide - the highest premium ever recorded. "The gap between London house prices and the rest of the UK has continued to reach new highs," said Robert Gardner, Nationwide's chief economist. "The price of a typical home in the capital - Â£443,399 on our measure - is more than double the UK aggregate." In Scotland, prices fell by 1.3% in the year to September. In north west England they were down by 0.6%. The price gap between the north and south of England has also continued to grow, for the 26th consecutive quarter. The cost of an average home in the south - including the South West and East Anglia - rose by 8% in the year to the end of September. In northern England - including the Midlands, Yorkshire and Humberside - prices rose by just 1% over the same period.	The house price gap between London and the rest of the UK has risen to a another record high, according to the Nationwide Building Society.
Potsford Farm at Letheringham has been set up to provide a service which allows patients or clients to work with animals and crops. Nathan Nobbs, psychiatric nurse at the farm, said: "It leads to improved self-esteem, self-worth and confidence." Suffolk County Council is aiming to oversee the establishment of 10 care farms by 2012. Suffolk social services or the NHS refers patients to the farm and pays for their therapy. Those who attend work with staff and volunteers for up to three days a week at the 200 acre (81 hectares) site near the River Deben. Mr Nobbs, a former ward manager at St Clements Hospital in Ipswich, said: "Just being outside and surrounded by animals and this environment, people won't believe the impact that can have on people with mental health and learning difficulties," he said. "The relationship these people can have with the animals is completely non-judgemental, it's peaceful and just so therapeutic." The farm has Red Poll cattle, pigs, sheep, goats, chickens, horses and a livery yard. The owners, Stephen and Marion Fletcher, bought the farm in the 1990s and ran it as a business. Mr Fletcher said: "It was falling into disrepair, needed an injection of capital and hopefully it's set up for the next decade or so. "The concept is that we will grow these things and package and sell them as a product from the farm."	A therapeutic care farm has been officially opened in Suffolk for people with mental health issues.
The men, serving with 1st Battalion, The Royal Gurkha Rifles, died in Nahr-e Saraj on Tuesday. Nato said it was using every "asset" within its power to find their killer and those who may be assisting him. Meanwhile Defence Secretary Liam Fox said the UK was "not desperate" to leave Afghanistan and was there for UK "national security". Prime Minister David Cameron told the Commons it was an "isolated" case and insisted the UK would continue to train the Afghan army. One of those killed in the attack has been named locally by MP David Simpson as Neal Turkington from Portadown, County Armagh. A Royal Marine was also killed on Tuesday when he was shot dead in a separate incident in Helmand province. The BBC understands one of the three soldiers killed was shot and the other two were killed by a rocket-propelled grenade. The Taliban have claimed the Afghan soldier responsible had joined their insurgency. On Wednesday, Afghan army spokesman Gen Ghulam Farook Parwani identified the rogue soldier as Talib Hussein, from the minority Hazara community which is usually opposed to the Taliban. He said the man's motive was still unclear. Brig Gen Josef Blotz, spokesman for the Nato-led International Security Assistance Force (Isaf) in Afghanistan, said the British and Afghan armies trusted each other, and that it was too early to say what changes needed to be made to improve the safety of UK troops. "Once the result of the investigation is on the table, we need to very diligently screen that, and then come up with recommendations for improvements, perhaps in the area of training, vetting and screening whatsoever," he said. "But I can't now speculate at this point in time because we have to wait for the report." A spokesman for the Afghan ministry of defence said local and foreign special forces were being used to hunt the man responsible for shooting the British soldiers. But Dr Fox dismissed reports the Afghan soldier was a Taliban militant and called for the incident to be kept in proportion. "We've always recognised the risks that are inherent within partnering and we have worked very hard to reduce these to a minimum," he said. "But we can never guarantee against the actions of a rogue individual. "We're also very clear that the benefits outweigh the risks, because it offers the quickest and most effective way of delivering our campaign objectives and, ultimately, having UK forces returning home." Afghan army key to Nato withdrawal Renegade Afghan kills UK soldiers He said the UK was "not desperate to get out, but very keen to hand over to the Afghan authorities their own security". Speaking during prime minister's question time, David Cameron said: "We need to have an inquiry to get to the bottom of what happened in this tragic, although I believe isolated, case." About 5,000 British troops were "fully partnered" with Afghan forces, he said. "When you hear their stories about how well they are working together it really does give you hope that we are building an Afghan army that we will be able to hand over to. "And we mustn't lose sight of that in spite of all the difficulties." On Wednesday, four soldiers belonging to Isaf were killed by a bomb in southern Afghanistan. Another US soldier died in a separate insurgent attack elsewhere in the country. So far in July, 45 international troops have died in Afghanistan, 33 of them from the US.	A major manhunt is under way in Helmand province for the rogue Afghan soldier who killed three British soldiers.
A mental health facility in north Belfast and four houses won regional awards from the Royal Institute of British Architects (RIBA). Martin Hare of the Royal Society of Ulster Architects (RSUA) said the five awards were "unprecedented". "This reflects well on our local architectural talent and confirms our built environment is prospering from some excellent design work," he said. Mr Hare said the awards "recognise the astonishingly hard work required by architects and their design teams as they elevate well planned and considered buildings and infuse them with something that delights the intellect and inspires the spirit". Built overlooking Belvoir Park golf course, the suburban house is praised as a "home full of vitality and life, one that dreams of the city beyond". It uses red brick, which the judges say is "one of the materials that characterises Belfast". "In essence, this house is a fragment of the city of Belfast located in one of its suburbs," the judges said. The architect was Hall McKnight. Primarily built using four repurposed shipping containers, the judges said the small rural house was "full of brio and youthful exuberance". "Grillagh Water House offers a new vernacular to the rural landscape of Ireland, using the very technology that robbed Ulster of its linen mills - the shipping container," the judges said in their citation. As well as being a Northern Ireland award winner, it also won a small projects award. It was designed by Patrick Bradley Architects. This family house in the Mourne Mountains was praised by the judges as "a credit to architect, client and builder". "This is a family house providing an empathetic framework of beautiful spaces for its occupants, opportunistically using the site and appropriate technologies to achieve an eminently habitable and sustainable home," they said. The architect firm behind the design was McGonigle McGrath. A health care centre providing support for people with mental health issues, the building is situated in a mainly residential area in north Belfast. "Old See House is inviting, open and naturally lit, promoting a sense of calm and well-being," the judges said. "Care and attention has been taken throughout to provide a calming and attractive environment with timber, comfortable and functional seating using a rich palette of colours." It was designed by RPP Architects with Richard Murphy Architects. The judges said it was a discreet family house "with almost no street presence" that had been "skilfully designed on a plot that no house builder nor developer would consider". "The house bridges a deep cut stream with most of the accommodation on the far side, freeing up the flatter upper landscape to become a spacious family garden," they said. "The daughter, from her bedroom, has possibly the finest views in the house of the stream below, as if the house were the setting for her own family's fairy tale of family life in Holywood." It was designed by the firm Hall McKnight.	Five buildings in Northern Ireland have won architectural excellence awards.
The party's Scotland leader said the PM "needs someone else to win seats for him in Scotland - beat Labour for him". Mr Murphy said if current polls were repeated on election day, Labour and the SNP would end up working together - in opposition to the Conservatives. The Conservatives say Labour are trying to get into power on the SNP's coat tails. The SNP say only they can ensure Scottish influence over Westminster. The Lib Dems' Scottish leader, Willie Rennie, told BBC Radio Scotland's Good Morning Scotland programme the UK needs Liberal Democrats in government to prevent the bigger parties "veering off to the left and right". The leaders of the major parties in Scotland were speaking out as an opinion poll released on Tuesday cut the SNP's lead over Labour in a large number of seats. What are the top issues for each political party at the 2015 general election? Policy guide: Where the parties stand 'We're the underdogs' Mr Murphy accused the SNP of "playing the role of David Cameron's little helpers" because the Conservative leader "knows he can't win in Scotland". Using a football analogy, he told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "In Scotland we are behind in the opinion polls - yes, we're the underdogs - but the first ball's just been kicked in this campaign. "We're nowhere near half time, let alone the final whistle - we can turn this round. There are polls today that show that in 40 seats in Scotland, we're not 17% behind, we're 6% behind. We're within striking distance. "We've got a lot of work to do and we even know that improved poll this morning - if it was repeated on election day - we'd lose a lot of seats. The SNP would be really pleased, but David Cameron would be absolutely delighted." The Conservatives' leader in Scotland, Ruth Davidson said it was "absolutely possible" the SNP could end up with a majority of Scottish seats. 'Progressive change' She told BBC Radio 4's Today she would prefer not to enter into any coalition deals if the Conservatives fail to win a majority, preferring a minority Conservative government, she said. "I think probably, on balance, would that be my preference. If the numbers work? Then yes, probably it would," she told Today. The battle between the SNP and Labour for the general election has been an increasingly tense one since the independence referendum last autumn. With the polls suggesting many traditional Labour supporters have switched to the SNP, leading figures in the party have said they would be keen on working with, and influencing a Labour government - and also said they would oppose any Conservative government. Leader Nicola Sturgeon said recently: "The bottom line here is, if Scotland wants to have that influence, that power, that clout in Westminster, then the only way to get it is to vote SNP. "Scotland's experience of Westminster politics up until now is either that we have to put up with Tory governments we didn't vote for or we get Labour governments that end up implementing Tory policies. "If there's real SNP strength in the House of Commons we can influence progressive change."	Labour's Jim Murphy has called the SNP David Cameron's "little helpers".
