For example, if the total is $6, a customer might hand you $11 so that she can get back a single five dollar bill. On the other hand, if she handed you $10, she would have gotten back 4 one dollar bills.  Especially for transaction not involving coins, it is usually simple to just count up.   For example, if the customer bought a $42 hat and gave you $47, you would count: 1 five dollar bill (“You gave me 42, plus 5 makes 47.”)  , It may not be immediately obvious how to get from $12.78 to $23.03. Here is where a little initial subtraction can simplify things:Start with the amount paid. Subtract from it to get a simpler number. In this case, 23.03 – .03 = $23.00. Now subtract the same amount from the price: 12.78 – .03 = $12.75. It's clear now that you'll need to first give back a quarter. 1 quarter takes you from $12.78 to $13.03. (“that’s $13.03”) 1 ten dollar bill (“plus 10 equals 23.03”)  , As another example of a more complex situation, imagine that you're a waiter and a customer is purchasing a meal worth $112.31. They give you 6 twenties, a nickel, and a penny.   Add the amount paid by counting up as you put the money down: 20, 40, 60, 80, 100, 120 and six cents. Tell the customer the amount paid: "$120.06". The customer gave you a bizarre amount of change, so this might be a good time to do a bit of subtraction. 120.06 - .06 = $120.00, and 112.31 - .06 = $112.25. Better. You need 3 quarters. Now start adding up from $112.31 to $120.06. 3 quarters ("takes us to 113.06") - We know this works from our earlier subtraction exercise. 2 one dollar bills ("114, 115") 1 five dollar bill ("and 5 is 120.06") Check your work: You gave .25 + .25 + .25 + 1 + 1 + 5 = $7.75. $7.75 + $112.31 = $120.06 – the amount the customer paid.	Be prepared for customers to give you odd amounts in order to get back less change or certain denominations. Count up as you did before for simpler transactions. Consider doing a bit of subtraction first to make things simpler when dealing with more complex transactions. Give correct change confidently for any combination.
This is the easiest part.; , Underneath login, there should be a little sign that says "join DeviantArt for free!" Click on it.  This should be fairly easy; create an original username, and a good password to protect yourself from hackers.  Usually, in order to post your art, you need to click on that email, which will verify your account.  You did it! You are now apart of a fun, inspiring website. Enjoy!	Go to www.deviantart.com. Scroll over the "login" sign. Fill out the form. Check you email. Have fun!
Another way you can help out during a flu pandemic is by properly caring for an infected friend or family member. If someone in your household is infected, it is best to designate a single person responsible for caring for him to minimize contact with the public.The designated caregiver should be especially vigilant about washing her hands, and should do so after each time she visits the infected person. It is also a good idea for the caregiver to cover her mouth and nose when caring for the infected person.Invest in a surgical mask or other mouth-covering device, and replace it often.  To the extent that it is possible, provide the infected person with a separate area of the home where others do not go to avoid the risk of infection.Keep the infected person at least three feet away from others.Keep this space aired out using natural breezes from open windows or doors, if it is not too cold outside., Having the flu causes a person to lose water at a faster rate than normal. It is important to keep an infected person hydrated, as dehydration can lead to serious health risks.Give the sick person as much water as he can drink. Provide other liquids like juice or broth as well., Influenza can become severe and lead to other complications like pneumonia. In such cases, the illness can cause death. Watch for the following danger signs, and if you notice these, seek medical attention:Difficulty breathing Severe chest pain Inability to stand Passing out or other sudden loss of consciousness High fever for more than three days Seizures or inability to wake up	Designate a single care provider. Provide a separate area. Give the infected person plenty of fluids. Watch for signs of danger.
Most cases of diarrhea are caused by viruses, like the common flu and others. Viral diarrhea should subside within a couple of days. Wait it out, stay hydrated, rest, and use over-the-counter anti-diarrheals for relief from symptoms., Diarrhea caused by contaminated food or water is often due to bacteria, or sometimes parasites. In this case, your doctor might need to prescribe you specific antibiotics or other medication to treat the infection.If your diarrhea doesn’t improve within 2-3 days, see your doctor to determine whether there’s an infectious cause.   Note that antibiotics will only be prescribed if bacteria is known to be the cause for your diarrhea. Antibiotics are not effective against viruses or other causes, and they can cause unpleasant side effects or worsen your digestive problems if used incorrectly.  Antibiotics are actually a common cause of diarrhea, because they change the balance of bacteria in your gut. Cancer drugs and antacids with magnesium can also cause or worsen diarrhea. If you have frequent diarrhea and you’re not sure why, ask your doctor about your medications – they may be able to lower your dose or switch you to something different.Never stop or change your prescribed medications without consulting your doctor. This can have serious health consequences.  Some digestive diseases can cause chronic or frequent diarrhea, including Crohn’s Disease, Ulcerative Colitis, Celiac Disease, Irrirtable Bowel Syndrome, and issues with your gall bladder (or after having it surgically removed). Work with your doctor to control the underlying disease. Your doctor might refer you to an intestine and stomach specialist called a gastroenterologist., For some people, feeling very stressed or anxious can cause stomach upset.Use relaxation techniques on a regular basis to reduce your stress level and during bouts of diarrhea to help ease discomfort. Try meditation or deep breathing exercises. Regularly practice mindfulness, go for walks in nature, listen to music – whatever helps you relax.	Wait out viral causes. Get prescription medication for bacterial infections. Consider changing your medications with your doctor’s help. Treat chronic diseases. Minimize your stress and anxiety.
When planning a trip abroad, it’s usually best to make your arrangements at least a month or two ahead of time. This will get you a better price for your fare and give you plenty of time to plan your adventure. Search around for the best rates on websites like kayak.com that compare flights from many different sources.   You can also reach Scotland by train, bus, car, or ferry, depending on your departure destination. If you don’t feel like making all of the arrangements yourself, you can always purchase a group package online or pay a travel agent to book all of your travel and lodgings for you.  Search various sites online for places to stay in each location you’ll be visiting. You can check hotels, hostels, bed and breakfasts, or more modern home-away sharing sites like AirBnb. Remember to consider the location of each prospective place; for example, you might want to consider staying in the city center if you won’t have a car or don’t want to deal with the hassle of public transportation.If you’re on a budget, hostels or AirBnb might be the way to go. If you have some extra money to spend, consider hotels in the city center, bed and breakfasts in the country, or even some more exotic accommodations like castles, lighthouses, or brochs., If you want to really see the country, you should try to visit more than just one location in Scotland. This means that you’ll need to get from place to place. In some cases, it might be easier to take a train (like if you are going from one city to another, Aberdeen to Edinburgh, for example). But much of Scotland consists of small towns separated by long stretches of beautiful countryside that trains don’t necessarily reach. You can research bus routes or consider renting a car for the duration of your stay in Scotland., As long as you have a valid driver’s license in your own country, you’ll be able to rent a car and drive in Scotland. There are no restrictions on licenses for people who have a valid driver’s license from a country in the European Union. For drivers from all other countries, you can drive in Scotland for up to 12 months with a valid driver’s license from your own country.Remember that in Scotland they drive on the left side of the road. This will take a bit of adjusting initially if you’ve never done this before.	Book your flight. Reserve your accommodations. Make travel arrangements between destinations. Check the licensing rules if you'll be driving.
This can be the hardest part about talking to a guy, is that it can feel like everyone is watching you. Most often, this isn’t true. People are most often too absorbed in their own lives and preoccupations to notice whether you’re nervous or doing something weird.However, most of the time when people are shy, the shyness isn’t visible to others.Taking time to be in the moment can help with this. Focus on your breathing, and do your best to focus on the task at hand.; , While this is easy to say, it is hard to do, especially when you’re young. It can seem that if you don’t fit in generally, you won’t have friends, or you won’t have the “best” friends. However, your real friends will like you for who you are. Worthwhile guys will like you for who you are. They will like your quirks and your passions—the things that make you you.A worthwhile guy might say, "I think it's cool that you're not afraid to be yourself." Even so, that opinion shouldn't be needed to validate your choices. You make your choices for a reason.  Breathing is a natural way to calm you down. Breathing deeply can help calm the heart and lower your stress response. No one will notice you breathing a little deeper, and you’ll feel better for doing so., Instead of worrying about what others think about you or what could go wrong, or any other anxiety that pops into your head, focus on the moment. Listen to what people say. Watch their facial expressions. It helps to keep eye contact if you can. By focusing on the moment, you have less time to worry about what’s worrying you., Simply talking to guys can make it easier. If you have a negative reaction, or they act in a bullying manner, avoid them, and find other guys to talk to. Not all of the success of a social interaction rests with you. Remember, you can only control what you bring to the conversation.Say something about something you noticed about them. For instance, you could say, "I noticed that you wear skater shoes. Do you like to skateboard?" or "That was a cool drawing you did in art class. Where'd you get that idea?" Getting them talking about something they like can be a good way to give yourself time to get more comfortable in the social situation.	Realize that not everyone is looking at you. Don’t worry about fitting in or pleasing guys. Focus on your breath. Stay in the moment. Practice having social interactions.
Within your school's dress code, prepare for a hot day.   Wear natural fibers, such as cotton or linen. Alternatively, some high-tech athletic wear can be breathable, and less likely to cling like a sweaty T-shirt. Light colors will reflect sunlight, rather than absorb it. Pick whites, yellow, and pastels rather than red or black. Inside the school you may be away from the sun, but getting to and from the school will likely put you in the sun's gaze. Consider bringing a change of clothes. If you soak through a T-shirt, it maybe be refreshing to change into a dry T-shirt.; ,  A water bottle, deodorant, an ice pack, face wipes, extra hair ties, sunscreen, and a hat are the essentials.  When you carry all these things, you won't be scorching hot when the time comes to go outside.   If you have medium to long hair, make sure to put it up.  If you want, you can even cut your hair short.  A ponytail is classic but tie it tightly so you don't have to fix it every ten minutes, but not too tightly.     Make sure your hair is out of your face and neatly away from your face.  You could also wear a bun or ponytail braid.   Do not wear black; this will reflect heat on you.  Instead, wear white, which does the opposite.  Wear white and light colours.  Try not to wear tight tops, wear breezy and thin tops made out of comfortable, silky fabric if you can.  Try to make them oversized.  Also wear loose shorts or thin pants.   After going inside with your face beaded with sweat, take a face wipe and gently wipe the sweat and dirt off.  It will feel refreshing.  If you're outside or just got inside and you're really hot, place an ice pack against your forehead, cheeks, neck, and anywhere on your body.  If you lose your hair tie, use another one to tie your hair up again.     Always apply sunscreen after every few hours and drink lots of cold water. Always wear a hat when you go outside for optimal sun protection.  Use deodorant if you smell.   Ah, so refreshing!	Dress for the temperatures. Carry the essentials. Wear your hair up. Wear cool clothes. Use the essentials. Take a cold or cool shower after you get home.
Most cooks will find it easiest to lay the pepper on its side, the stem toward your strong side (the right if you’re a righty), and then cut crosswise just below the “shoulders.” The entire stem and its base should come off in one piece.          Depending on the pepper, there may be quite a bit of flesh remaining attached to the stem, which can be cut free and chopped if desired. Alternatively, the point of a sharp paring or similar knife can be inserted between the stem and the shoulder. Then rotate the pepper in one hand while holding the knife firmly in the other. The stem should come away cleanly.; , Start by turning the pepper so its opening faces you. Insert the point of a smallish, sharp knife (such as a paring knife) into the pepper and cut through the ribs close to the flesh. Rotate the pepper’s body and continue cutting until all the ribs and seeds are loose, and remove.          When using hot peppers, don't touch your eyes or other sensitive areas until you've washed your hands thoroughly, preferably in an acidic solution (a little vinegar or lemon juice does the trick). Wearing gloves may be wise with very hot peppers.  Bang the pepper's opening against your hand or a cutting board, or rinse under cold water.  Turn the pepper sideways as in step 1 above. Cut crosswise into thin or thick rings, as desired.	Cut the stem end from the body of the pepper. Cut the ribs and seeds away from the flesh. Remove the remaining seeds. Cut crosswise into rings (optional).
Try vacation sites like Last minute deals, Expedia and Priceline to see if you can book the hotel, car and tickets together. Check to see if one of the hotels that is suggested in the wedding invitation is listed as a vacation option.; , Always choose to include nearby airports and take advantage of non-peak travel.  A strange part of air travel is that it is often cheaper to take two flights than one. Book a one-way trip to a major city with a layover in the wedding destination, and then get off with a carry-on bag at the layover.   Note that the airline will cancel your return flight if you have booked a return ticket.  Look for car shares that are available in the area and sign up for an account in advance. Book the car according to the times you need it and you can pay $3 to $7 per hour.  Stay in a room with two queen beds, and it will likely be cheaper than booking your own rooms. Better yet, check on a suite and get more couples involved.  If you aren’t completely sure that your plans are settled, get the travel insurance. The $17 to $50 cost for insurance will likely be far less than you save by booking early.  Book the venue hotel for only the wedding night. Save money with a cheaper option for nights before and after the wedding., If you need to stay more than one night, VRBO, HomeAway and AirBnB can offer great details on bulk accommodations. You will also probably get a kitchenette so that you can save money on food.If you are single, you can find room rentals or ask the bride and groom if they have local friends who would be willing to put you up., Since there will be photographic evidence of your fashion choices, try to swap with friends in different circles. Trade throughout the summer so that you look like you’ve bought a new dress for each wedding, without spending a dime.  If you’re a woman, choose wedges since they are good for outdoor or indoor weddings. The dress is more important than the shoes, while they often get thrown off anyway in order to dance.  For men, one suit that fits well can be accessorized with a tie, pocket square and cufflinks in several different ways. Renting a suit is only a good idea if you go to a wedding once in a while.  Buy clothes that you can wear to work as well as a wedding. Make sure your clothes go with your one pair of wedding shoes.  There are even sites where you can rent bridesmaid dresses for $50 a day, instead of buying one for $200.  Early birds will get the best choice of items. If an item is on sale, you are also more likely to get a good deal.  Amazon, Bed, Bath and Beyond, Target and Macy’s are known for providing options to get free shipping, so choose this registry over another one that charges $15 for shipping.  If you are close to several friends who are attending the wedding, get together and pay $25 to $50 per person to buy them a larger item on their registry. Large presents are a huge surprise and they are likely to be impressed that you organized such a thoughtful gift., Try crafting a photo album, family recipe box or wall art. Look on Martha Stewart's website and in her books to find good DIY options that look expensive.  Offering your professional services will help the bride and groom save money. You may be able to give them something they could not otherwise afford.   For example, opt to make the cake, do the flour arrangements, create a photo booth or sew some table runners.  The bride and groom should be happy with your company. Get them a card with a sincere message inside.	Consider booking a vacation package, rather than just an airline ticket. Research cheaper travel to a nearby city. Book one-ways. Consider using a city car share rather than a rental car. Book a hotel room with another couple. Buy your tickets and hotel as soon as you get the invitation. Try using different hotels. Rent a house with several friends. Plan a pre-wedding season clothing swap. Buy one pair of wedding shoes in a neutral color. Opt to buy a suit, rather than renting, if you have a lot of weddings in your future. Go for a classic look, rather than trends. Rent a designer dress. Get on the registry as soon as you get the Save the Date or the invitation. Choose a registry that has free shipping. Go in on a large present with your friends. Make a present from scratch. Ask if you can be in charge of a wedding detail as a gift. Don’t buy a gift if you can’t afford it.
Sure, there's that girl named Trinity that calls herself scene, but then, there's that person inside of you that knows that deep down, you got an eye for style.; , Make piles or bins for different styles, like girly, goth, sporty, geeky, etc. Decide if you're going to throw some things away. If you already have 'scene' clothes, you need to know what kind they are.   Are they: Trendy Scene? Insider Scene? (Popular Scene) Musical Scene Hippie Scene? Or Dark Scene?  , Like taking a black jacket and adding lime green and tangerine orange fringe on the cuffs. You have to be creative!  , Whether you're shopping at Salvation Army or Punk United Nacelle, it's considered shopping. Hot Topic has sweet tees, but they're expensive. So, if you frown at Hot Topic, Rue 21 is know for great bargains, and their shirts are only 10 dollars.  Amongst girls, tank-tops are really popular, especially when layered with other tank-tops or paired with a tee shirt over it and a pair of colored skinny jeans. But with boys, stay away from any layering of shirts unless it's a long sleeve and a short sleeve. Baggy jeans are always great for hippie scene, boys and girls, but if you wanna be either insider or trendy Scene, stick with the skinny jeans. And, it's not worth it if you spend 200 bucks, use your clothes for a month, then throw the mall away and chase a new trend. If you want to do this temporarily, spend about 30 dollars so if you throw it away, it's not that big of a loss.  The best thing to do is get short choppy layers, and lots of them! Without layers, you can't do any big hair. Also get either a fringe covering one eye or bangs. Fringes are the more ideal choice. For boys, don't tease, but spike up. Girls, grab your teasing comb and freezing blast hairspray, and tease up!  , Dye your hair all the colors of the rainbow! Bleach it, spike it, then chop it! Do what you feel like doing! That's what this style is all about. Don't you get it?  , Always make sure your skin is flawless, and blemish-free. Your eyes should always be the main feature. A good start is using just plain black eyeliner. Then you can start playing around with liquid black eyeliner and eye shadows. You can draw some swirls, stars, hearts, peace signs or anything around your eyes in neon eyeliner. Keep it to a minimum with the drawings; with swirls, you should go crazy. Buff up your cheeks with a little peach blush and keep the lips neutral. If you wanted to, you could put on a little chapstick, or a shade very close to your natural lip color.  Pastry sneakers will look great if you think they will. Platform boots, high heels, flats, sneakers, anything as long as you keep flip-flops for the beach and the pool. Don't limit yourself to one thing just because everyone is doing that, too. Remember, individuality.  Check. Cool, bright clothes and makeup? Check. Any stinking' shoe you want? Check. Sweet hair and a nice scent? Check and check. Well, look at that. You're a scene teen!	First, you have to pay attention to yourself and not others. Now you need to look at your current clothes and decide what style they are. If you don't have any of those types of clothes, or any clothes that could be the style you're going for, maybe you should take an article of clothing and adding maybe one piece of fabric to make it what you want it to be. It's time to do the age old thing that everyone does once in a while, if not everyday; shopping. Shop for bright colors, but at the same time, keep an eye out for those browns, blacks, and whites, as they go great with a colorful shirt. Your hair is one of the things that throw you out there, and if you don't use it to it's full potential, why is it even there?, Color, Color, Color!, Makeup, you kinda need it if your a girl. Shoes can be anything, as long they compliment your feelings that day. Attitude and witty comebacks?
Whatever object you use will occupy the attention of the person you are stalling time with.Pick something eye-catching, colorful, but easy to handle and appropriate for your situation. For example, if you are in a basketball game, you only will be able to use the ball. But if you are in another practical situation you can use something for your subject to focus on instead of the time. You can try items like bright clothing, dangling metal objects like jewelry, stationery, noisemakers, anything that will re-focus your subject's attention.; , For some situations, you may need to swap in an equal object to delay attention.   First make sure you have an identical replacement for whatever you are swapping out. For example, if you are trying to stall on cleaning up from a broken vase, you should have the replacement vase ready to be put in place. Be as exact as you can with matching the make, model, size, color of the replacement so as not to arouse extra attention. Look around the location you need to replace the object and ensure that you can do the replacement without disturbing the surrounding area.  This is for situations where you need to come up with a prop-based stall more quickly, and most likely need to use an object on-hand.Estimate the size, color, and shape of the prop you are using to stall with. If this is a replacement situation, it just needs to pass a "quick glance" until you've bought yourself enough time. But the object should still approximate the replacement. For example, if you are stalling by temporarily replacing a personalized black coffee mug--at least use a similar sized generic black coffee mug in the meantime. If this is a distraction situation, then you need to use something simple, but attention-getting. Toying with a ball, accessories, even blowing bubbles with chewing gum could temporarily redirect your subject's attention.  This is a different way of getting attention in that it will get the subject to be entertained by the replacement prop instead of being focused on the time.If this is a replacement situation, then you should expect that you may "tip-off" your subject that something is amiss since the substitute is likely not going to match the original. But since it's a superior object, it may overwhelm the sense of loss. For example, if you lost someone's favorite DVD, but get them the Blu-Ray version of the same movie, they may delay in blaming you for the loss. If this is a distraction situation, you should consider an elaborate set of props for distraction that include lights, sound, moving objects, perhaps an interactive component like a selection screen for your subject to focus their mind and motor skills completely instead of on the passage of time. Video games are an excellent way to do this.  You can mix and match the equal, lesser, and superior substitutes as you see fit for the situation.   The more distracted your subject is the less they will pay attention to the passage of time, and the more successful your stall will be. Mix simple and complex props that stimulate vision and hearing senses--these are going to be the simplest senses to access. If you can arrange a tactile (touch-based) prop for stalling, do so--it will help consume your subject's attention.	Use a diversionary object. Consider a replacement prop. Try a lesser substitute. Try a superior substitute. Use multiple objects.
Whether it's you or your partner suffering from depression, it's important you both maintain friendships in addition to your partnership. The depressed partner may feel like a burden without regular breaks, and the other may begin to feel trapped. Taking a step away occasionally will help both partners feel refreshed.Scheduling weekly social activities may obligate you to engage socially. Try setting up a weekly dinner date with your best friend. This will get you out of the house, foster a supportive relationship, and give you a healthy break from your partner.  This is a good way for you and your partner to engage others socially together. Gather with family and friends regularly to maintain relationships and focus on something other than the depression.   Consider joining a club or volunteering at a local organization together. This will provide excellent opportunities to spend time together, without focusing on the depression, and make new friends, adding to your support system.  Seeing other people happy may actually boost your mood.At the very least, other patrons will provide a distraction and give you something to talk about.   Coffee shops tend to be great for people watching, and outside venues may also provide the added mood boosting effects of nature.	Maintain outside relationships. Participate in group activities. Hang out in public places.
When they are talking, stop talking to your friends, reading, writing, or playing on your phone (which is often not allowed anyway), and look right at the teacher. Listen to what they are saying. Think about how it applies to you. When they are done talking, complete the instructions they have given you quickly and efficiently.; ,   Raise it either high above your head or bent at the elbow. Don't look too eager to ask your question, but don't look bored, either. Make eye contact with the teacher and wait patiently. If the teacher says not to ask questions yet, put your hand down and wait until they are ready again. When the teacher calls your name, makes eye contact with you and nods, or points at you, ask your question. Be loud enough for the teacher to hear, but don't shout. Enunciate your words.    Wait until they sit back at their desk. Stand in line (if there is one), and wait patiently. Ask your question loud enough for the teacher to hear, but quiet enough not to disturb others. Thank the teacher for their help.  Work quickly so that you can have time to do other things you need or want to do- but don't rush. Do your best work (and use your best handwriting).   If you have a question, ask the teacher in person (see above). If you don't finish your assignments in class, you may need to take them home to work on there.  Ask your teacher what he/she would like you to do. Keep track of when your assignments are due. Complete your homework the same way.  There will be a lot of people, so prepare yourself for that.   Look for gaps and openings between people to squeeze through (sticking close to the walls often works well). Keep track of where your next class is. If it's your first day, carry around a list of your classes, teachers, and locations in your pocket. Know the school so that you can get around. If you need to use the restroom or get a drink, and there is one nearby, do so quickly, if there is time. You may want to get a map of the school and plan out when is a good time to go to the bathroom and get stuff from your locker. You have roughly five minutes (depending on the school) to get from one class to the other, and get to your locker, get a drink, and go to the bathroom if you need to, so hurry. It may be helpful to have a watch and time it. If it's too hard to get to your locker between every period, try going after every other period- before school get the stuff for first and second period, after second period get the stuff for third and fourth, etc. Memorize your locker combination and get a lot of practice using it. If you can't get to where you need to be in five minutes (this is called being tardy), you may get detention, have the school call your parents, and get suspended or expelled if you continue to be late.  If you can carry around a backpack or bag, it may be helpful, but if you can't, you certainly don't want to get in trouble!   Oftentimes it's against the rules to wear hats. Some schools do not appreciate students eating snacks in the halls or classrooms. If you have health issues or concerns, talk to the administration office. You may want to bring a parent with you when you do this, as some secretaries can be very cross or strict.  If you are going on vacation, are sick, or have a doctor's appointment, do not just miss school. Have your parents call the front office and tell them that they know you are absent and are okay with it. If you don't, you could get detention for an unexcused absence. You may even be suspended or expelled if it happens too often.   Talk to your teachers in person to see if you need to do make up work, or if they have a website you can check to find missing assignments.  The curriculum the junior high uses may be very different from the curriculum you used at home.   If you don't understand some of the material, because you were studying something else, have your parents explain this to your teacher. If you've already covered the material, you don't need to shout it to the world. Talk to your parents, and, if you decide you should, talk to the teacher about getting something new to do. There is no need to say this in front of everyone else. You may have already covered the material (or you may be at the same place as your peers are), but with different terms or slightly different methods. This can really throw you off track, so consider talking to your parents about studying the textbook together if you have a problem.  When you see someone, smile at them (give your best smile). Wave or beckon them over if you know them. If you don't, introduce yourself.   If you already know them, call them by name to show that you remember them. Ask them about their day or compliment them on something (I really like the way you did your hair. Will you show me how to do it?). Make eye contact. Don't stare at the rest of their face, hair, clothes, or even what they're holding (unless you are complimenting that thing, then look at it for a few seconds before going back to eye contact). Be genuinely interested in what they have to say.    Which people have been friends since kindergarten? Which people don't have many friends or look left out? Which people like a few close relationships? Which people like lots of loose relationships? Which people have a crush on each other or are dating? Try to figure out which people would like to have you as a friend.  If someone doesn't have a lot of friends, they would probably welcome it if you talked to them.   Decide which kinds of people you like to hang out with. Get to know more people - variety is good.  If you are being bullied, get help immediately.   Look the bully in the eye and tell them to stop. Explain that you do not appreciate the behavior they are demonstrating. Don't resist physically unless they are already hurting you - but even then, only shove them away so that you can go get help. Talk to your parents, a teacher, or another adult you can trust. If you see someone else being bullied, go up to the bully and tell them to stop. Then invite the person being bullied to go sit with you. Talk to an adult if someone else continues to be bullied.  With electives, pursue your interests! Consider what your friends will be doing. Consider what you want to do. Then decide how much you want to pick your choice and how much you want to be with your friends. Choose which electives you think will work best for you.	Pay very close attention to the teachers. If you don't understand and need to ask a question that concerns the whole class, raise your hand. If it is not a question or comment that concerns the class, or you are too embarrassed to speak in front of others, and the teacher is okay with it, ask them in person. Complete all of your in-class assignments. When walking in the halls, tread lightly. Know the school rules. Inform the school about absences. Expect the learning to be different. Be very friendly. Try to feel out other people's relationships. Talk to people who seem lonely. Seek help it you feel intimidated. Get into the things you're passionate about.
A standard adult serving is 1/3 lb of duck (.15 kg).  This grade of duck meat will be a 6-8-week-old duckling raised indoors and fed with fortified corn and soybeans.  A whole duck with skin on is the most popular and commonly found selection. However, you can have the meat divided, de-boned and the duck skin and fat layer removed by a butcher.	Decide how many people you will be feeding. Look for duck meat that has a high quality grading, such as USDA Grade A. Select your preferred cut of duck meat.
Don't roll it too much, just enough so you can fold it in half evenly once some filling has been added. There's no set size that the pie must be, as you can use your own discretion making them as big or small as you choose as y   Sprinkle a little flour under the dough, to prevent it from sticking to the work surface.; , Put a little water on the edges of the biscuit or pie dough, then fold into a pie shape. You now have the basic pie shape. Pinch the edges tightly, to ensure that no pie filling can escape.   Do this to the remaining dough to complete all of the pies.  Add enough to lightly cover the surface of the pan. Move the pan to spread the oil around.  This will prevent from sticking to the pan.  Cook both sides. Wait until the pies turn golden brown and not too crispy or soft, on each side, flipping over with a spatula when one side is sufficiently browned.  Maybe consider putting a paper towel underneath and on top of them to drain off some of the oil.  While you're waiting, you can make glaze, but that's optional. ,,  Mix every tablespoon added, adding just enough until it gets creamy.  If you choose to refrigerate the pies, microwave them to heat them up as well as melt the glaze a little for 15-30 seconds.  Now you can eat those pies.	Roll out the biscuit or pie dough. Scoop a small spoonful of blueberry filling into the center of the pie dough. Use the fork to press down the edges and make the shape complete. Pour the oil into the pan. Add the pies to the pan. Use the spatula to flip the pies out of the pan and onto the plate. Let the fried pies cool. Put the powdered sugar into a mixing bowl.  , Pour in the vanilla extract.  , Pour the milk into the bowl. Drizzle the glaze onto the pies with a spoon. Serve.
For this method of fake blood, you'll need:   1/2 cup tropical fruit punch (or a cup of coffee if you'd like to experiment) 1 cup corn syrup 2 tablespoons red food coloring 1 tablespoon chocolate syrup 2 tablespoons cornstarch 1 tablespoon cocoa powder.  Blend for 10 seconds.  You may need to adjust a little, depending on the brand of fruit punch you've added. Try different amounts of punch, chocolate syrup or cocoa powder until it's just right for your needs.  Decorate yourself (skin, unwanted old clothes, face, etc.). Or, since this is edible, you can add it to food that needs a tinge of fake blood for Halloween.	Gather the ingredients. Drop all of the ingredients into a blender. Check the color. Use.
