premise: A: so it's nice to get away. It's just amazing, how much you miss. B: Yeah, it,  Yeah, it, yeah, it really is. I mean, I don't think I ever see the Little Dipper, [SEP] hypothesis: she has seen the Little Dipper	contradiction
premise: I'm sorry, I 've put you in an invidious position. If you're being run by Morton, he 'll want to hear all this. It won't do any harm but I 'd rather not give him food for thought because I consider him an idiot and I don't think he's capable of interpreting it correctly. [SEP] hypothesis: Morton is capable of interpreting this food for thought correctly	contradiction
premise: B: but, uh, I can definitely, uh, see on down the road, you know, where we do have kids and are getting to that age, that's going to be a definite concern. A: Yeah, you talked before, about the school funding. I think there's only going to be one solution to school funding which I don't think will be necessarily the best way [SEP] hypothesis: the one solution to school funding will be necessarily the best way	contradiction
premise: A: Oh, wow! But maybe you shouldn't be held responsible for something you did several years ago. B: So,  I know. A: That's the other thing. I mean a lot of people as kids or, you know, young people get into some things that they get out of later on and I don't think they should really have to pay for that forever. [SEP] hypothesis: they should really have to pay for that forever	contradiction
premise: A: I, that would have been stupid, B: Yeah. A: and I don't think we did it. Everything else we handled in this seemed to be perfectly right. I don't think they would have done that. [SEP] hypothesis: they would have done that	contradiction
premise: A: Yeah, I think that's what aggravates a lot of people, is somebody does get a life sentence in place of the death penalty, and they wind up back on the streets after five years or six years or like the kid on the news tonight out in Mesquite who was out in six months.. B: Uh-huh. Yeah, it's just our criminal system is just so, I guess, overloaded, but the problem is not so much with the prison system, you know, I mean, because the cops are out there doing their job enforcing the laws, and the prison system are just, you know, they're trying to cope with them, but, you know, the thing about capital punishment I, you know, a lot of people don't think it would be a deterrent, uh, to future crime, [SEP] hypothesis: capital punishment would be a deterrent to future crimes	contradiction
premise: Robert Erwin, president of Biosource, called Plant Genetic's approach ``interesting'' and ``novel,'' and ``complementary rather than competitive.'' ``There is a large market out there hungry for hybrid seeds,'' he said. Mr. Robinson of Delta & Pine, the seed producer in Scott, Miss., said Plant Genetic's success in creating genetically engineered male steriles doesn't automatically mean it would be simple to create hybrids in all crops. [SEP] hypothesis: it would be simple to create hybrids in all crops	contradiction
premise: B: And, uh, I think they've all developed kind of an interest in reading also. A: That's re-, yeah. B: I'm not saying they read all the right things [SEP] hypothesis: they read all the right things	contradiction
premise: A: uh, but then when you quantify things and might also hold criminal trials for how many years is appropriate, uh, that they might leave it to somebody else who, uh, has expertise in that. B: Right, I agree, too. I don't think the jury should be the ones that put the sentencings down. [SEP] hypothesis: the jury should be the ones that put the sentencings down	contradiction
premise: B: Uh, uh, I've had one or two American cars I think, and they were okay. I had a Pontiac once and I never had a problem with it, but, uh, my mother had a Dodge at one point and I had driven it a few times and I really did not feel that I would buy a Dodge just from, A: Um. B: well, actually, I had uh, a Dodge Omni at one point A: Uh-huh. B: and that was, I think, what really prejudiced me against American cars because I did not feel that it was a very quality, uh, car. [SEP] hypothesis: the Dodge Omni was a very quality car	contradiction
premise: B: boy, he's a big one. A: he's pretty big. That's why it really surprises me, you know, that he hasn't come back, because, like I said, he's never gone away like this before, and, I would think, you know, I mean, he might could get hurt by a car or something. I don't know that he could really get killed that easily because he is so big. [SEP] hypothesis: he could really get killed that easily	contradiction
premise: A: I really don't. But no, when the time comes hopefully we'll really look around before I decide on one for my parents B: Uh-huh. A: really do, because I have been raised in one, you know, so there's lot of things I know to look for. B: Yeah. A: And I don't think they'd want to go where they used to work, either you know. [SEP] hypothesis: they would want to go where they used to work	contradiction
premise: B: That was kind of a funny movie with, uh, Richard Dreyfuss and Bill Murray. A: Uh-huh. B: That was fun. A: Golly, I don't think that I've ever heard of that movie. [SEP] hypothesis: he has heard of that movie	contradiction
premise: B: And they go down the line ten years and then on some little technicality they get out and on the streets again doing the same they did before. A: Uh-huh. B: And, you know, that's about the only thing. Like for theft and stuff like that or manslaughter, you know, I don't think they should do that. [SEP] hypothesis: they should do that	contradiction
premise: B: I think that not only applies inside the public school system, but in society itself. there's been too much negative reinforcement. How much, like, the caught being good slips. How about, just the John Q citizen out there on the street? A: Yeah, well that's true. I think, really though, I mean, that's one thing that, I mean, my kids definitely get spanked when they need to be spanked. But I really do try to use positive, uh, reinforcement with them at home, also. And it really helps. And I mean, they don't get spanked very often, but they do when they deserve it, you know. But, uh, I don't think any kid should be exempt from being spanked. I mean, I think I wouldn't mind if a teacher spanked my child. But, you know, that's just my personal opinion, and that's not going to, I mean, I don't think that law will ever change. [SEP] hypothesis: the law will change	contradiction
premise: B: I think that not only applies inside the public school system, but in society itself. there's been too much negative reinforcement. How much, like, the caught being good slips. How about, just the John Q citizen out there on the street? A: Yeah, well that's true. I think, really though, I mean, that's one thing that, I mean, my kids definitely get spanked when they need to be spanked. But I really do try to use positive, uh, reinforcement with them at home, also. And it really helps. And I mean, they don't get spanked very often, but they do when they deserve it, you know. But, uh, I don't think any kid should be exempt from being spanked. [SEP] hypothesis: some kid should be exempt from being spanked	contradiction
premise: Then the silence in the Zoo became complete. Woil stared around him and then suddenly with a push of his wings raised himself into the air, turned, and landed ten feet away on the back of a green bench. Creggan could see that he was afraid and that his fear was making him terribly uncertain. [SEP] hypothesis: Woil was afraid	entailment
premise: Matthew rode on feeling a little more at peace with himself. He skirted the spruce plantation and supposed that at some point he should tell Sara about it. He could imagine that she might be interested in its money-making propensity at the end of the year. [SEP] hypothesis: Sara might be interested in its money-making propensity at the end of the year	entailment
premise: For a while the notion gripped him, and he prowled the many floors of Hamleys looking for toys. He bought a magic set for Sebastian (although his ideal present for the kid would have been a brand-new name) and a marionette for Louise. He could remember that there was an age for puppets and magic just as he could remember the time that he 'd spent trying to fan a deck of cards or sitting in front of a mirror trying to get the hard consonants down like a real ventriloquist. [SEP] hypothesis: there was an age for puppets and magic	entailment
premise: B: That's what I've heard too. Uh, A: It seems bizarre to me. I don't quite understand it, although I think probably the worst thing that's happening at least the modern world today, is television. [SEP] hypothesis: the worst thing that's happening in the modern world is television	entailment
premise: ``They have to be crushed, Bobkins!'' So saying, she marched off down the gravel path, making the kind of crunching noise Robert had thought could only be produced by the BBC sound-effects department. As they rounded the edge of the building he could see that behind the house was a vast garden. [SEP] hypothesis: behind the house was a vast garden	entailment
premise: ``For such a person, finding a protector might not be so difficult, even in Edinburgh.'' Jean smiled. He might have known that even someone as sensible as Miss van Wiliamsburgh would try to make a play of this sort. [SEP] hypothesis: even someone as sensible as Miss van Williamsburgh would try to make a play of this sort	entailment
premise: ``And you're not having this dress,'' Nora said, bending down to look at the price tag. ``It's two and a half guineas!'' she hissed at Louise who could tell that she was genuinely appalled. [SEP] hypothesis: Nora was genuinely appalled	entailment
premise: That is to say, I did not take sufficient account of the fact that at that time of the day, what Mr Farraday enjoys is a conversation of a lighthearted, humorous sort. Knowing this to be his likely mood when I brought in the tea yesterday afternoon, and being aware of his general propensity to talk with me in a bantering tone at such moments, it would certainly have been wiser not to have mentioned Miss Kenton at all. But you will perhaps understand that there was a natural tendency on my part in asking what was after all a generous favour from my employer to hint that there was a good professional motive behind my request. [SEP] hypothesis: there was a natural tendency on her part to hint that there was a good professional motive behind her request	entailment
premise: Richard Breeden had n't noticed that his new desk had just four telephone lines and one phone . [SEP] hypothesis: Richard Breeden's new desk had just four telephone lines and one phone	entailment
premise: ``Yes?'' ``Nathan?'' He could tell it was long-distance the line was so gravelly and hollow but he didn't recognise the voice. [SEP] hypothesis: the call was long-distance	entailment
premise: The Deputy Under Secretary could talk of his host's prospects and disappointments, he could learn of the problems of digging out foreign exchange and hard currency in the Third World, the tribulations over the renewal of Residence Permits, the difficulties of keeping reliable servants, but of his own world he must remain silent. The Deputy Under Secretary headed the Secret Intelligence Service of the United Kingdom, and that was not a subject matter for gossip and conversation on a bougainvillaea-fringed veranda as the lights of the fishermen's dug-outs floated inside the coral reef... No bloody way. He was a man who could be honest with himself and in honesty he could say that he was both pleased and relieved to be back at his desk on a grey Monday morning in London. [SEP] hypothesis: the Deputy Under Secretary was both pleased and relieved to be back at his desk on a grey Monday morning in London	entailment
premise: But the horror of losing was as much to do with money as with pride. Biddy had never let them down, come without fail all through the bad weather, and now was giving Nails an intensive course on her own horse which - in terms of money - was worth another couple of hundred pounds. Yet surely she knew they had no way of paying should she demand it? [SEP] hypothesis: they had no way of paying	entailment
premise: What must it be like to be imprisoned here, day after day, month after month? I wonder, does he keep them chained and manacled, thought Fenella, or does he use sorcery? And so utterly immersed was she in this strange blue and green land that was not feeling strange any more that she did not even notice that she was weighing sorcery against steel chains and seriously considering the likely outcome. [SEP] hypothesis: Fenella was weighing sorcery against steel chains	entailment
premise: Only she herself knew the evil thoughts she had and how effortlessly they could be translated into action. ``I 'll make a cup of tea.'' No she would not tell Peter that the person he loved most in the world was dead. [SEP] hypothesis: the person Peter loved most in the world was dead	entailment
premise: ``Do you mind if I use your phone?'' Ronni could see that Guido's brain was whirring. [SEP] hypothesis: Guido's brain was whirring	entailment
premise: Yet what good came from knowing that a woman had killed herself? The children who had suffered a trauma would survive the experience, scarred by it and a little flawed by it. They would never forget that for a week they had imagined the act of murder had been committed. [SEP] hypothesis: for a week the children had imagined the act of murder had been committed	entailment
premise: A: Well I, uh, when is your next one, uh, scheduled now. B: Well it's like, the last one was my high school graduation the next one was when I graduated from college, so I guess about two more years. A: Yes, well, and do you think you'll have a baby to take back with you. [SEP] hypothesis: speaker B will have a baby to take back with her	neutral
premise: It is all very well, in these changing times, to adapt one's work to take in duties not traditionally within one's realm. But bantering is of another dimension altogether. For one thing how would one know for sure that at any given moment a response of the bantering sort is truly what is expected? [SEP] hypothesis: at any given moment a response of the bantering sort is truly what is expected	neutral
premise: A: Yeah. The radio doesn't really have much news sometimes. The stations I listen to are just mainly music. B: Yeah, I think you pretty much have to listen to all news station to get any news at all. A: Yeah. Do you think that TV is, uh, pretty accurate. [SEP] hypothesis: TV is pretty accurate	neutral
premise: ``I hope you are settling down and the cat is well.'' This was a lie. She did not hope the cat was well. [SEP] hypothesis: the cat was well	neutral
premise: B: Uh-huh. So, yeah, that's the thing is just to look at the school system in the area that you move into before you. A: Uh-huh. Of course we have a slight problem in that, uh, the number of the illiterate in America is mushrooming at this point, and, uh, you know, where our kids might be in a great school, we're still paying an awful lot of taxes for people who are on welfare and unemployment because they can't read, you know. B: Uh-huh. A: So. B: But do you think that there should be, um, nationwide, um, curriculum? [SEP] hypothesis: there should be a nationwide curriculum	neutral
premise: Then it cried. It was another girl. I was a little disappointed but I could only hope that Celia was still a bit hazy from the drugs. [SEP] hypothesis: Celia was still a bit hazy from the drugs	neutral
premise: B: when you've lost something or uh, uh, don't have what other people have that's when you tend to realize, you know, what's out there and you know, what you have and what you don't have. A: Yeah I agree. B: So the original question, do we think they're you know, a security threat? [SEP] hypothesis: they're a security threat	neutral
premise: Nicky approached her with the assumption that men are naturally right and it is the role of women to follow their lead. Constance, whose confidence was growing daily, was not prepared to give in to Nicky's wishes merely because of his sex. If she felt he was right then she agreed with him. [SEP] hypothesis: Nicky was right	neutral
premise: A: Yeah, they did. They put a lot of pressure on him from the outside and from the inside. Uh, it's funny watching them play, he's probably like a lot of quarterbacks, uh, when the pressure is really on when it's down to the last few minutes of the game for the season is when the guys seem to really do their best. B: Uh-huh. A: And I haven't quite figured that out, if they figure they have got it won or if there's no real hurry because the first three quarters or, uh, uh, if something happens that that adrenalin starts flowing. [SEP] hypothesis: they have got it won	neutral
premise: I can't afford to get bogged down in the weeds. But at least you know she did leave. Maybe a coincidence maybe the two girls talked on the phone decided they 'd both had enough. [SEP] hypothesis: the two girls had both had enough	neutral
premise: B: and both of those seem very easy to use compared to D Base. A: Uh-huh. Do you think D Base is more flexible or allows you to do more. Or do you think the others are pretty much compatible these days? [SEP] hypothesis: the others are pretty much compatible these days	neutral
premise: That evening Shannon steered well clear of Dane, all but tiptoeing around him, determined not to land in any more confrontations. From now till this snow siege ended, she would simply live under the same roof, but keep to her own side of an invisible barrier, she decided. She could only hope he 'd do the same. [SEP] hypothesis: Dane would do the same	neutral
premise: ``Clever''. Klug means ``clever''. Would you say that Abie was clever? [SEP] hypothesis: Abie was clever	neutral
premise: B: Right. And I'm sure that would make a big difference, too. You know, you've got, A: Yeah. Well, what about a voluntary program? Do you think that would be a good idea? [SEP] hypothesis: a voluntary program would be a good idea	neutral
premise: A: Sometimes you hear things on the radio that, you know, could be true or couldn't be. B: Uh-huh. A: Uh, do you feel like this is, I guess they're spending a billion or so a year on this AIDS research. B: Uh-huh. A: Do you think they should spend more? [SEP] hypothesis: they should spend more	neutral
premise: B: All right, well. A: Um, short term, I don't think anything's going to be done about it or probably should be done about it. B: Right.  Uh, are you saying you don't think anything should be done in the short term? [SEP] hypothesis: anything should be done in the short term	neutral
