premise: Looking directly at the Sun can cause blindness, and even a partially eclipsed Sun is still very, very bright. [SEP] hypothesis: Looking directly at the sun can cause blindness.	entailment
premise: Migraine headaches are believed to result from dilatation of the blood vessels in the head. [SEP] hypothesis: When blood vessels in the head dilate, a migraine, a severe headache, can occur.	entailment
premise: These cells cannot be seen without the help of a microscope, but they are the building blocks of our bodies. [SEP] hypothesis: Cells are the specialized building blocks of your body.	entailment
premise: Digestion begins in the mouth, when we chew and swallow, and is completed in the small intestine. [SEP] hypothesis: Digestion begins in the mouth.	entailment
premise: Solids have a definite volume and shape. [SEP] hypothesis: The name for a matter that has a fixed volume and a fixed shape is solid.	entailment
premise: Air exerts pressure because gravity holds air molecules in the earth's atmosphere. [SEP] hypothesis: At the earth’s surface, the air pressure exerted on you is a result of the weight of air above you.	entailment
premise: The findings suggest that protein may join the ranks of calcium and vitamin D in keeping bones strong and protecting against osteoporosis, fractures and falls. [SEP] hypothesis: A diet rich in calcium and vitamin d may reduce the risk of osteoporosis and related bone fractures.	entailment
premise: Each normal human has 23 pairs of chromosomes; [SEP] hypothesis: Humans have 23 pairs pairs of chromosomes.	entailment
premise: Although surveyors are accustomed to interpreting the shape of the Earth using contour plans, the general community is more familiar with perspective views that show three-dimensional objects as they appear. [SEP] hypothesis: Contour lines show the three-dimensional shape of land.	entailment
premise: Work equals the force times distance. [SEP] hypothesis: Force times distance is the equation for work.	entailment
premise: Sediment is transported along the coast in the direction of the prevailing current (longshore drift). [SEP] hypothesis: Sediment is transported by currents.	entailment
premise: Small particles in the air become surfaces on which water vapor can condense and forms cloud droplets which are known as cloud condensation nuclei. [SEP] hypothesis: Clouds form(s) when water vapor condenses in the air around specs of matter.	entailment
premise: cytokinesis (SlGH-toh-kin-EE-sis) The division of the cytoplasm to form two separate daughter cells immediately after mitosis. [SEP] hypothesis: Cytokinesis divides the cytoplasm into two distinctive cells.	entailment
premise: Weight pulls the object downward because of the gravity. [SEP] hypothesis: Weight is the measure of the force of gravity pulling down on an object.	entailment
premise: In the first law of energy, energy can be changed from one form into another but it cannot be created or destroyed. [SEP] hypothesis: Energy it can not be destroyed.	entailment
premise: Arc lamps come in nearly all of the noble gas types, including xenon, krypton, argon, neon, and helium, which all emit spectral lines that are very specific to the gas. [SEP] hypothesis: Neon is an example of noble gas.	entailment
premise: Human overpopulation, which is crowding out other species. [SEP] hypothesis: Human overpopulation is crowding out other species and making all the other causes of extinction worse.	neutral
premise: Carolina Baby Connection A parenting resource for your pregnancy, newborn, infant, or toddler questions. [SEP] hypothesis: A connection to the placenta is required for a newborn baby to begin breathing.	neutral
premise: Glycoproteins of all shapes and sizes are extremely common components of cells in both plants and animals. [SEP] hypothesis: All cells have the small size in common.	neutral
premise: T As the temperature of an amount of gas increases, so does its volume (maintaining a constant pressure). [SEP] hypothesis: From observations as simple as blowing up a balloon, it is clear that increasing the amount of gas increases the volume.	neutral
premise: The last oxygen concentration is in pulmonary end-capillary blood. [SEP] hypothesis: Oxygen is transferred through capillaries.	neutral
premise: Weed Control Row cultivation can give relatively easy weed control if long rows are used at a spacing which enables use of various size cultivators as the planting grows. [SEP] hypothesis: Weeds are plants that grow where people don't want them to and can take up space and use resources which hinders growth of more desirable plants.	neutral
premise: There are, however, no clear examples of a human disease caused by molecular mimicry. [SEP] hypothesis: Autoimmunity can develop with time, and its causes may be rooted in this molecular mimicry.	neutral
premise: Space with lesser density attracts matter of greater density. [SEP] hypothesis: Density describes how much matter is in a certain amount of space.	neutral
premise: a modern three-story plant; [SEP] hypothesis: Modern plants have three types of major tissues.	neutral
premise: My students knew many basic ideas about plants from earlier grades, so we tried to spend more time thinking and writing about the specific functions of the leaf veins, flower parts, roots, etc. [SEP] hypothesis: Leaves export sugar to roots and other nonphotosynthetic parts of the plant through the veins.	neutral
premise: high urea and solute concentration. [SEP] hypothesis: Animals can transport the waste material known as urea in the circulatory system and store it safely at high concentrations.	neutral
premise: Scientists are working on it. [SEP] hypothesis: To confirm the work of another scientist, a scientist might replicate their work.	neutral
premise: This is done through a process called fermentation. [SEP] hypothesis: Fermentation is the process of making atp without oxygen.	neutral
premise: type of active transport in which substances are carried across the cell membrane by vesicles [SEP] hypothesis: When substances pass through the cell membrane without needing any energy, it is called passive transport.	neutral
premise: At the high school level program offerings allow students to study special branches of biology, physical sciences, chemistry, and physics. [SEP] hypothesis: Chemistry is defined as the study of matter.	neutral
premise: If the temperature of the gas in the balloon is increased the gas molecules in the balloon begin to move faster. [SEP] hypothesis: When you add moles of gas to a baloon by blowing it up, the volume increases.	neutral
