premise: If there are spirits at work at the time, they come only from yourself, not from the fume of the incense. Why should spirits aid living beings? What arrogance is it that drives people to believe they can have power over them? [SEP] hypothesis: people can have power over spirits	contradiction
premise: ``Ely,'' I said (that was her name and the first time I 'd ever used it), ``I want to be free.'' She looked stunned. I don't think she 'd considered this. [SEP] hypothesis: Ely had considered him wanting to be free	contradiction
premise: B: you know, sometimes I would go over, but you know, it wouldn't hit me in a big way because I knew that, uh, I would have it covered in that respect. A: Right.  Right. That's good. I don't think we've gone that far, to pay it you know, in advance before we spend it, [SEP] hypothesis: they've gone that far	contradiction
premise: A: And now it's election time again so they're trying to lower them. B: Oh. A: So they're just talk about lowering them but they never do, they just keep raising them. B: I've never seen taxes really go down. [SEP] hypothesis: taxes would really go down	contradiction
premise: B: That might be kind of tough, huh. A: It really would, yes, yes, and like I said, my sister's still in it, and I really don't think my mother'd want to be there, either. [SEP] hypothesis: his mother would want to be there	contradiction
premise: A: How did Radio Shack work? B: If you go in and buy anything they want your phone number. And I don't think they're going to call me and ask me how it's functioning, [SEP] hypothesis: they're going to call him	contradiction
premise: A: Uh, well, it would depend on when you go it's not excessively crowded on the weekends. B: See I'd want to be there in the mornings like from nine thirty to ten thirty. A: Oh, I don't think that would be bad at all. [SEP] hypothesis: that would be bad	contradiction
premise: A: How do you feel about gun control? B: Well, uh, I mean I don't think that guns should be outlawed [SEP] hypothesis: guns should be outlawed	contradiction
premise: A: And, uh, I got to stay home with my kids, which I really wanted to do, but now I could not go back and do it. B: Yeah. A: I really couldn't, I don't think I could stay home all the time and do nothing. [SEP] hypothesis: he could stay home all the time and do nothing	contradiction
premise: A: Yeah, I think that's what aggravates a lot of people, is somebody does get a life sentence in place of the death penalty, and they wind up back on the streets after five years or six years or like the kid on the news tonight out in Mesquite who was out in six months.. B: Uh-huh. Yeah, it's just our criminal system is just so, I guess, overloaded, but the problem is not so much with the prison system, you know, I mean, because the cops are out there doing their job enforcing the laws, and the prison system are just, you know, they're trying to cope with them, but, you know, the thing about capital punishment I, you know, a lot of people don't think it would be a deterrent, uh, to future crime, [SEP] hypothesis: capital punishment would be a deterrent to future crimes	contradiction
premise: B: I think in s-, and it, just would depend upon the circumstances and the extent of the abuse and if another alternative was available. A: Uh-huh.  Uh-huh.  Um.  Uh-huh. You know, now, I wonder what you think about this and, uh, unfortunately, we don't get to do it, but, uh, it used to be a long time ago, I guess in Biblical times when they had punishment, if somebody did something, for example, to your family, then you had the right to administer the punishment. So if somebody killed somebody in your family, then uh, if that person was caught and found guilty, you had the right to, uh, execute that person. And I know that, uh, if somebody had done something to my family, I would feel that I had the right to get revenge on them uh, but, I don't think that's done much anywhere. [SEP] hypothesis: that's done much anywhere	contradiction
premise: B: And, uh, I think they've all developed kind of an interest in reading also. A: That's re-, yeah. B: I'm not saying they read all the right things [SEP] hypothesis: they read all the right things	contradiction
premise: GM confirmed it received U.S. antitrust clearance to boost its holding. Sansui Electric agreed to sell a 51% stake to Polly Peck of Britain for $110 million. Still, analysts said the accord doesn't suggest Japan is opening up to more foreign takeovers. [SEP] hypothesis: Japan is opening up to more foreign takeovers	contradiction
premise: A: It was just a side benefit. B: Yeah, yeah, because, I'm not big or anything, but I'm not in great shape, But when I worked out, I got in pretty good shape. I didn't build up muscle, though, I just got real good and toned. A: Yeah. B: I don't think women look good with muscles. [SEP] hypothesis: women look good with muscles	contradiction
premise: I should dearly have liked to know whether they were Europeans or Americans, but I couldn't hear the accents. They appeared to be arguing. I hoped the white men weren't telling him to eliminate all witnesses because I don't believe it would have needed much persuasion. [SEP] hypothesis: eliminating all witnesses would have needed much persuasion	contradiction
premise: A: Oh, yes. Animals have a way of talking. B: Alfie did. I tell you if I could have gotten a hold of that cat that day. A: I don't know uh, that I'd trade my dog in for the world. [SEP] hypothesis: he would trade his dog in for the world	contradiction
premise: B: I look at our big green containers, and I say, well, they work fine and I keep mine outside the garage so that I don't have any odors but it's clearly a place where, uh, uh, A: Oh, right. B: it will be interesting to see how well that works and I'm glad the community is doing it. Uh, it's one of those things that kind of has to be forced on people. Uh, I don't know what you saw back, uh, years ago, but for me the thing that strikes me is uh, growing up in rural South Dakota where, hey the farmers brought their eggs to town and the local hatchery would candle them and package them is that, uh, in the fifties, uh, you could say we had the recycling going on then that we should have now. Which was all the milk bottles were glass [SEP] hypothesis: they had the recycling going on then that they should have now	entailment
premise: For a while the notion gripped him, and he prowled the many floors of Hamleys looking for toys. He bought a magic set for Sebastian (although his ideal present for the kid would have been a brand-new name) and a marionette for Louise. He could remember that there was an age for puppets and magic just as he could remember the time that he 'd spent trying to fan a deck of cards or sitting in front of a mirror trying to get the hard consonants down like a real ventriloquist. [SEP] hypothesis: there was an age for puppets and magic	entailment
premise: A: I thought Carter was good too, and that was, yeah, B: Did you? I always liked him, I thought he was great at the time and I just couldn't get over the fact that Reagan beat him. you know, that I just couldn't believe that he got voted out. [SEP] hypothesis: Carter got voted out	entailment
premise: Nora calculated that there must be lots of single men up there so she decided it was ideal for the ``manhunt'', as we called it, even though the train fare was a serious consideration. I remember we went up to Euston together one Saturday morning, very excited, to buy the ticket in advance. It was a secret - if my parents had known she was going away alone they would have soon put the kybosh on it. [SEP] hypothesis: Nora was going away alone	entailment
premise: I ducked so fast I wasn't sure whether he 'd seen me or not, but it gave me a prickly feeling just to imagine it, so I scuttled for the door and legged it up the spiral stairway three steps at a time, just in case. As I ran, I remember thinking stupid thoughts like. How did he know I was up here looking down? [SEP] hypothesis: he was up there looking down	entailment
premise: Your honesty shines out of your face, my darling. It isn't your fault that cynical men like myself won't let themselves believe what they see! I just wish you could believe that Eddie's death was an accident and nothing to do with me. [SEP] hypothesis: Eddie's death was an accident and nothing to do with him	entailment
premise: At this time of year not much, it's been a dryish summer, and there's not a lot of water coming down. Say half a knot - and that's probably an over-estimate. If you say that a freely-floating body - and the weights would help a bit there because they'd keep it under water and out of any wind - moves down on the ebb at an average of a bit under two knots you'd not be far wrong. [SEP] hypothesis: a freely-floating body moves down on the ebb at an average of a bit under two knots	entailment
premise: Strasbourg, Vienna, Bucharest, Istanbul, not stopping, not looking back. I saw her tossing newly gauffred curls as the open roadster headed east, away from Ollie... Temporarily I managed to re-erect my jocular facade, but inside I was panicking. He could take her away I thought he could just do that he has such power to hurt me this little furry creature who hasn't even noticed that I 've given up the weed. [SEP] hypothesis: he has given up the weed	entailment
premise: B: Yeah. Those are pretty. A: Number one turned out just great, and the lady said she couldn't believe that they know that I had done it in the color that they had decorated the nursery [SEP] hypothesis: they know that she had done it in the colors that they had decorated the nursery	entailment
premise: She longed for a weapon, for even a hairpin, and knowing that she did not have one, she knew too that she was totally defenceless, unarmed and alone. She could feel the great flight of the dragon and sensed that she was high in air and travelling fast towards the sunset. She could feel the great muscles of the dragon's wings send ripplings down the stomach walls and she gave herself over to death. [SEP] hypothesis: the great muscles of the dragon's wings sent ripplings down the stomach walls	entailment
premise: I WAS really only a bystander in the tragedy of young Mr and Mrs McLeod. It was not really my business although it could be said that I had known them both - had seen them about - for most of their lives. [SEP] hypothesis: she had known Mr. and Mrs. McLeod for most of their lives	entailment
premise: B: So am I. A: Are you, B: You know, I think it's kind of coming back around to that, don't you, [SEP] hypothesis: it's kind of coming back around to that	entailment
premise: Part of it was to be compulsorily purchased. You could say that Gustave was shepherded into creative retreat at Croisset by epilepsy. You could also say he was driven there by the railway. [SEP] hypothesis: Gustave was driven to creative retreat in Croisset by the railway	entailment
premise: His mother driving the car, so happy, young-looking and fashionably dressed and his father, a big, confident man in a smart suit, smiling and turning round to say something to Simon in the back seat. Marie thought of her own mother with her frumpy clothes and ageing, lined face. No one would have guessed that she was only forty-two. [SEP] hypothesis: Marie's mother was only forty-two	entailment
premise: Matthew rode on feeling a little more at peace with himself. He skirted the spruce plantation and supposed that at some point he should tell Sara about it. He could imagine that she might be interested in its money-making propensity at the end of the year. [SEP] hypothesis: Sara might be interested in its money-making propensity at the end of the year	entailment
premise: When he was there we were Bonnie and Clyde, now he was gone we were Blondie and Dagwood. Or rather, now he was gone, I was Dennis. If I 'd been smarter or less vain I might have realized that this meant that my former role was now vacant. [SEP] hypothesis: this meant her former role was now vacant	entailment
premise: A: Yeah, they did. They put a lot of pressure on him from the outside and from the inside. Uh, it's funny watching them play, he's probably like a lot of quarterbacks, uh, when the pressure is really on when it's down to the last few minutes of the game for the season is when the guys seem to really do their best. B: Uh-huh. A: And I haven't quite figured that out, if they figure they have got it won or if there's no real hurry because the first three quarters or, uh, uh, if something happens that that adrenalin starts flowing. [SEP] hypothesis: they have got it won	neutral
premise: B: and both of those seem very easy to use compared to D Base. A: Uh-huh. Do you think D Base is more flexible or allows you to do more. Or do you think the others are pretty much compatible these days? [SEP] hypothesis: the others are pretty much compatible these days	neutral
premise: B: Uh-huh. So, yeah, that's the thing is just to look at the school system in the area that you move into before you. A: Uh-huh. Of course we have a slight problem in that, uh, the number of the illiterate in America is mushrooming at this point, and, uh, you know, where our kids might be in a great school, we're still paying an awful lot of taxes for people who are on welfare and unemployment because they can't read, you know. B: Uh-huh. A: So. B: But do you think that there should be, um, nationwide, um, curriculum? [SEP] hypothesis: there should be a nationwide curriculum	neutral
premise: Then it cried. It was another girl. I was a little disappointed but I could only hope that Celia was still a bit hazy from the drugs. [SEP] hypothesis: Celia was still a bit hazy from the drugs	neutral
premise: B: All right, well. A: Um, short term, I don't think anything's going to be done about it or probably should be done about it. B: Right.  Uh, are you saying you don't think anything should be done in the short term? [SEP] hypothesis: anything should be done in the short term	neutral
premise: B: when you've lost something or uh, uh, don't have what other people have that's when you tend to realize, you know, what's out there and you know, what you have and what you don't have. A: Yeah I agree. B: So the original question, do we think they're you know, a security threat? [SEP] hypothesis: they're a security threat	neutral
premise: A: Well I, uh, when is your next one, uh, scheduled now. B: Well it's like, the last one was my high school graduation the next one was when I graduated from college, so I guess about two more years. A: Yes, well, and do you think you'll have a baby to take back with you. [SEP] hypothesis: speaker B will have a baby to take back with her	neutral
premise: A: Sometimes you hear things on the radio that, you know, could be true or couldn't be. B: Uh-huh. A: Uh, do you feel like this is, I guess they're spending a billion or so a year on this AIDS research. B: Uh-huh. A: Do you think they should spend more? [SEP] hypothesis: they should spend more	neutral
premise: A: Yeah. The radio doesn't really have much news sometimes. The stations I listen to are just mainly music. B: Yeah, I think you pretty much have to listen to all news station to get any news at all. A: Yeah. Do you think that TV is, uh, pretty accurate. [SEP] hypothesis: TV is pretty accurate	neutral
premise: ``I hope you are settling down and the cat is well.'' This was a lie. She did not hope the cat was well. [SEP] hypothesis: the cat was well	neutral
premise: ``Clever''. Klug means ``clever''. Would you say that Abie was clever? [SEP] hypothesis: Abie was clever	neutral
premise: That evening Shannon steered well clear of Dane, all but tiptoeing around him, determined not to land in any more confrontations. From now till this snow siege ended, she would simply live under the same roof, but keep to her own side of an invisible barrier, she decided. She could only hope he 'd do the same. [SEP] hypothesis: Dane would do the same	neutral
premise: Nicky approached her with the assumption that men are naturally right and it is the role of women to follow their lead. Constance, whose confidence was growing daily, was not prepared to give in to Nicky's wishes merely because of his sex. If she felt he was right then she agreed with him. [SEP] hypothesis: Nicky was right	neutral
premise: B: Right. And I'm sure that would make a big difference, too. You know, you've got, A: Yeah. Well, what about a voluntary program? Do you think that would be a good idea? [SEP] hypothesis: a voluntary program would be a good idea	neutral
premise: I can't afford to get bogged down in the weeds. But at least you know she did leave. Maybe a coincidence maybe the two girls talked on the phone decided they 'd both had enough. [SEP] hypothesis: the two girls had both had enough	neutral
premise: It is all very well, in these changing times, to adapt one's work to take in duties not traditionally within one's realm. But bantering is of another dimension altogether. For one thing how would one know for sure that at any given moment a response of the bantering sort is truly what is expected? [SEP] hypothesis: at any given moment a response of the bantering sort is truly what is expected	neutral
