(CNN) -- For the generation of Iraqi artists who came of age under Saddam Hussein's regime in the 1980s, one common subject was the dictator himself, often depicted holding a sword or riding an Arabian horse. Politics aside, those were good days for artists, says Natiq al Alousi, 49, an Iraqi sculptor who considers his commissioned work of Saddam to be an achievement. "Working as an artist in Iraq, when Saddam Hussein was president, was a golden period for all artists, not just myself. He was supportive of artists and was open to them," he says. "But we weren't open to the world for security reasons, and that's it." Receiving small recognition from Saddam was important to him as a budding artist, al Alousi says. As a student he entered a large competition -- one that he did not expect to win -- and Saddam attended the event. Upon viewing his work, "Saddam Hussein himself told me that the idea was nice, and that's the only thing I remember from the whole competition," he says. Read more: Bringing Babylon back from the dead . Al Alousi went on to create public sculptures and some that were placed in presidential palaces. Some were made for aesthetics and others to reflect events or issues that the country faced, he says. His memories of the time under Saddam can verge on idyllic. "There was never a day, for any artist in any form of art, who was forced to work for Saddam Hussein or the country," he says. "We were all happily working, and there were competitions that anyone can participate in." And when Saddam fell in 2003, so too did al Alousi's statues. He says it is disheartening to think of art being torn down. Now living in Abu Dhabi, al Alousi still sculpts using various mediums, but there are stumbling blocks. Few people there want to buy large statues, he says, and there is not even a foundry for his bronze works. He has to mail molds more than 1,000 miles away to Egypt, and the bronze rarely survives the return journey intact. In Abu Dhabi, "the art movement is still yet to begin in the right way. It did start, but it needs more solidarity and extra encouragement from certain entities for it to be mature," he says. Read more: Rediscovering Iraq's cultural heart . But al Alousi sees these as only minor problems for his art, which he says is the "purest thing" in his life, a matter of expression, beauty and experimentation. And he says art has nothing to do with politics or religion. As for his associations with the dictator, it only meant he was at the top of his game. "I do not regret that I once worked for Saddam Hussein," he said. "This is history. Only the best artists work for presidents."	Under Saddam Hussein's regime, Natiq al Alousi was commissioned to create works depicting the dictator . Al Alousi, a sculptor, says artists received much support from Saddam . He says working for Saddam was only a "fact of history" and does not regret it .
By . Wills Robinson . PUBLISHED: . 04:04 EST, 19 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 07:12 EST, 19 September 2013 . Missing: Kyron Horman holding a teddy bear before he mysteriously vanished in 2010 . The divorced parents of a 10-year-old boy who went missing in 2010 have appeared on television together for the first time in three years. Dr Phil dedicated the hour-long programme to an interview between Desiree Young and Kaine Horman, whose son Kyron Horman mysteriously vanished from his school. They questioned each other over events which led up to disappearance of the boy, who was seven years old when he failed to arrive at Skyline Elementary School in Portland, Oregon. The boy's mother accused Horman, his father,  of ignoring signs he was unhappy. But Horman said Kyron was struggling to deal with 'split households' Young said: 'I don't blame Kaine for Kyron's disappearance. I want to make that very clear.' But she added: 'Things were happening in the year prior to Kyron going missing. 'It was just ignored. I feel like in that we failed Kyron. We didn't protect him.' Kyron's mother also said she had concerns Horman was 'ignoring signs', referring to the behavior of his wife, Terri Horman, Kyron Horman's stepmother, who took him to school on the day he disappeared. Desiree Young filed a $10 million suit against Terri Horman last year, alleging the stepmother kidnapped Kyron Horman. But the case was dropped, with Young saying it could not move forward without information from the police, who withheld evidence because of the ongoing investigation. Kyron was reported missing in June 2010 after failing to turn up to Skyline Elementary School in Portland, Oregon. Scroll down for video . Interview: Dr Phil dedicated the hour-long programme to a conversation between Kyron's divorced parents Desiree Young and Kaine Norman . Mother: Desiree Young (left) said Kyron's father ignored signs he was unhappy, but did not blame Kaine Horman (right) for their son's disappearance . He was taken to school by his stepmother, Terri Horman, who then stayed with him while he attended a science fair. Terri Horman states she left the school at around 8:45am but Kyron was not present in his first class of the day and was marked down as absent. Three years on, no arrests have been made in the case, despite an exhaustive search by local police and the FBI. During the interview Young also talked about Horman's infidelity while they were married, saying: 'I was seven months pregnant, Kaine was having an affair.' Horman apologised for cheating on her with Terri Horman, who he married around six months after Kyron's disappearance. Allegations: Desiree Young also talked about Horman's infidelity, accusing him of having an affair when they were married and when she was pregnant with Kyron . Kyron's stepmother Terri Horman (left) took him to . Skyline Elementary School on the day he disappeared and is the last . person to have seen him alive . Horman, did not respond to the allegations, focusing on Kyron throughout the conversation. He said the seven-year-old acted out while he switched between Horman's house in Portland and Young's in Medford which is 273 miles away. Young said Terri Horman would call her, asking if she could come and collect Kyron when the boy's father was away on business trips. She recalled one time when she came to pick him up and said 'He was crying. There was something going on. He wanted to live with me. He didn't want to be there.' Horman reacted and said the reason Kyron was upset was because he was just struggling to 'deal with split households' and said he also cried during journeys to Medford. Play: Dr Phil's audience were shown clips of Kyron before he disappeared, including this one of him playing with his mother . Desiree Young filed a $10million lawsuit against Kyron's stepmother Terri Horman, accusing her of kidnap, but she dropped the case in July this year . 'He didn’t want to come see you. I never told you that before.' Both Horman and Young repeated believe that Terri Horman is implicated in Kyron's disappearance. She took him to Skyline School that Friday morning and she is the last known person who saw him. 'I believe she's involved in this. I think she is the one who has all the answers.' A cloud of suspicion has hung over Terri Horman, who is now living with her parents in Roseburg. But she's not been charged and was only named as a prime suspect in a civil law suit filed against her. Young said Terri Horman had put everything in writing, saying she and Kaine Horman had been up arguing until 3 a.m, just hours before Kyron disappeared. Young said Terri Horman wrote that her marriage to Kaine Horman was over and that she planned to return to Roseburg the day the boy vanished. No stone unturned: Authorities have searched more than 28,000 hours for Kyron since his 2010 disappearance. Here, recovery workers take to the water . Volunteers: Desiree Young organised a new search earlier this month and said she had unearthered new evidence . Kaine Horman denied the allegations saying they did not fight at all. Multiple searches have been done but the authorities have never turned up any solid indications of what happened to the boy. Both Young and Horman said they believe he is alive somewhere. 'I will until the day that I die. I still believe that he's going to come through the door.' Horman said he thinks the fact that no clues have turned up only increases the likelihood that Kyron lives. Earlier this month, Young organised a new search in Multnomah County, Oregon, and said that she had unearthed new evidence. She said that the two-day search, which was carried out by 60 volunteers, and 10 search dogs, was successful but she would not be specific about exactly what they found, citing the ongoing criminal investigation. The items were handed over to the Multnomah County Sheriff's Office and officers were examining  whether they hold any significance to the case. Hope: Desiree Young (picture with Kyron) said she still believes her son is going to walk through her door alive .	Kyron Horman was seven when he disappeared in June 2010 . Interview was first time parents have been face-to-face in three years . His mother Desiree Young said they both had failed to protect Kyron . Kaine Horman, his father, apologised for having an affair . His new wife, Terri Horman, was the last person to see the schoolboy alive .
By . Steve Nolan . PUBLISHED: . 08:00 EST, 24 September 2013 . | . UPDATED: . 18:13 EST, 24 September 2013 . A council leader who subjected his wife to a decade of abuse shot her dead then  killed himself when he found out she was considering leaving him, an inquest heard. Keith Johnson, 58, was described by 44-year-old Andrea as someone who would ‘change like the devil’ when they were alone. Details of her years of torment at his hands only emerged in a secret diary discovered after her death. Murder-suicide: Keith Johnson, left, shot his wife Andrea, right, dead outside their home before turning the gun on himself . Violent: A diary kept by Mrs Johnson and found by police after the couple had died, revealed that Mr Johnson subjected his wife to a decade of abuse . The couple, who had been together for more than 20 years, had an ‘open relationship’ and each had affairs. But . after learning she was considering ending their marriage Johnson, the . Tory leader of North Norfolk District Council and former mayor of . Cromer, wrote out wills and funeral instructions, before luring her to . her death outside their home. He was yesterday described as a ‘monster’ by her family. In . one diary entry, soon after they married in 2004, shop assistant Mrs . Johnson wrote: ‘He doesn’t seem bothered he is hurting me, said I either . like it or lump it.’ Later she described how he would ‘change like the devil’ and in another entry said: ‘He’s done it so often it doesn’t matter.’ Investigation: Police guard the scene at Compit Hills in Cromer, Norfolk, where Mr Johnson killed his wife and then himself in December last year . Deliberate: The inquest heard that Mr Johnson planned to kill his wife with her own shotgun after luring her back to the house telling her that he would not be violent . The . inquest in Norwich heard yesterday how she had been in ‘a close . relationship’ with cleaning  company director Robert Jeans, 62, in the . months before her death. Harrowing: Police only found Mrs Johnson's diary during a search of the house following her death . Johnson threw her out of their bungalow in Compit Hills, near Cromer, and she went to stay with Mr Jeans nearby. The next day Mr Jeans drove her back to her marital home after Johnson invited them for a chat and promised not to harm her. Mr . Jeans told the inquest how he did not get out of his car and drove . away, leaving Mrs Johnson talking to her husband on their driveway. Mrs . Johnson called 999 at 2.28pm to report that her husband was on the . driveway with a shotgun and the operator heard a gunshot and her . screams. Several minutes later Johnson went into the back garden and shot himself with one of his wife’s four licensed shotguns. Police . found a series of notes, including details of how to dispose of the . estate and how the couple should be buried, suggesting he had planned . the murder on  December 2 last year. Post mortems found Mrs Johnson died of a single shotgun wound to the chest and her husband from a shotgun wound to his neck. After . the inquest, a domestic violence homicide review was published . detailing how Johnson abused his spouse, who he saw as a ‘trophy wife’. It contained details of the diary which referred to the times when he . beat her while drunk and had sex with other women in front of her at . their home. Mrs Johnson’s . family told of their horror at the revelations. Outside court, her . sister Sharon Thorpe said: ‘We wish we had known you were suffering so . we could have helped you. Keith Johnson, the face of Cromer, was nothing . more than a monster.’ Coroner William Armstrong concluded that Mrs Johnson suffered an unlawful death and Mr Johnson killed himself. Police probe: Forensics officers pictured outside the home of the Johnsons near Cromer, Norfolk, following their deaths . Devastated: Pictured (left to right) are Andrea Johnson's brother-in-law Kevin Thorpe, sister Sharon Thorpe and parents John and Jan Chadwick at Andrea's inquest . Share what you think . The comments below have been moderated in advance. Karen, . Bedford, . 16 hours ago . No one knows what happens behind closed doors and few care enough to ask. It is very hard to be married to a 'controller' and there is the added fear of what will happen if he loses control. I am surprised he 'allowed' his wife to have affairs. RIP Andrea, Rot in hell Keith . The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.	Keith Johnson, 58, shot wife Andrea outside their home in Norfolk . The North Norfolk District Council leader and ex-mayor then killed himself . Police found couple's wills and funeral plans at their home near Cromer . A diary kept by Mrs Johnson revealing that she was abused was also found . It said her husband could 'change like the devil' when they were alone .
By . Lizzie Edmonds . A Ferrari driver was remarkably uninjured after he smashed his supercar into this central reservation of the M1. These images show the aftermath of the high-speed crash, which took place near to Woolley Edge services in Wakefield, West Yorkshire. The front of the Ferrari 458 Italia is almost destroyed in the images, while the bonnet sticks up in the air. Smash: A driver was left uninjured when he smashed his Ferrari 458 into the central reservation on the M1 . Damage: The car's bumper was smashed following the collision near Wakefield, West Yorkshire, on Monday . Luckily, the rest of the car - prices for which start at around £170,000, appears relatively unscathed. Fortunately, the driver was not injured in the crash - which took place at around 3.45pm on Monday. No one else was harmed in the crash either, police confirmed. Officers took to Twitter after the collision to issue road safety advice after the car careered into the barrier on the northbound carriageway. The West Yorkshire Road Policing Unit tweeted: 'Ferrari RTC into the central reservation! Bad weather conditions be careful.' Warning: West Yorkshire Police road unit tweeted this picture of the crash - taking the opportunity to warn drivers about poor driving conditions due to bad weather . Hot wheels: Officers then commented on the £170,000 vehicle - saying it was a 'very nice car' Production of the Ferrari 458 began in 2009. It is rear mid-engine, rear-wheel drive . There are two different body types: Berlinetta and Spider . Engine: 4.5L V8 (562 hp at 9,000 rpm) Transmission: 7-speed dual-clutch . Acceleration: 0-100 km/h (62 mph) in 3.3 seconds . Top speed: 325 km/h (202 mph) Price: Begins at £169,545 . They later added: 'It was a very nice car.' The Ferrari's 0-60mph acceleration is 3.3 seconds with a top speed of 202 mph. It is powered by a 4.5L V8 engine which produces 562 hp at 9,000 rpm. Last week, another Ferrari was in the spotlight for a very different reason - because its owner had wrapped it in £4,000 work of gold vinyl. The £200,000 248 Spider belonged to kickboxing world champion Riyadh Al-Azzawi. Mr Al-Azzawi parked the Italian supercar outside a gym in Kensington, London, where he was training. It wasn't long before it attracted crowds of gawping onlookers - some of which even took videos of the rather garish vehicle.	Ferrari 458 Italia smashed into central reservation of M1 on Monday . Driver wasn't hurt in smash near Wakefield, West Yorkshire . Prices of 202mph 4.5L V8 Ferrari start at around £170,000 .
'No need for notes': ABBA star Bjorn Ulvaeus is backing Sweden's move towards a cashless society after his son was robbed three times . Sweden was the first European country to introduce bank notes in 1661. Now it's come farther than most on the path toward getting rid of them. 'I can't see why we should be printing bank notes at all anymore,' says Bjoern Ulvaeus, former member of 1970s pop group ABBA and a vocal proponent for a world without cash. The contours of such a society are starting to take shape in this high-tech nation, frustrating those who prefer coins and bills over digital money. In most Swedish cities, public buses don't accept cash - tickets are prepaid or purchased with a cell phone text message. A small, but growing number of businesses only take cards and some bank offices — which make money on electronic transactions — have stopped handling cash altogether. 'There are towns where it isn't at all possible anymore to enter a bank and use cash,' complains Curt Persson, chairman of Sweden's National Pensioners' Organization. He says that's a problem for elderly people in rural areas who don't have credit cards or don't know how to use them to withdraw cash. The decline of cash is noticeable even in houses of worship, like the Carl Gustaf Church in Karlshamn, southern Sweden, where Vicar Johan Tyrberg recently installed a card reader to make it easier for worshippers to make offerings. 'People came up to me several times and said they didn't have cash, but would still like to donate money,' Tyrberg says. Plastic fantastic: Vicar Johan Tyrberg stands next to a credit card machine in the Carl Gustaf Church in Karlshamn, southern Sweden, to enable worshippers to donate money without having to carry cash . Bills and coins represent only three per cent of Sweden's economy, compared to an average of nine per cent in the eurozone and seven per cent in the U.S., according to the Bank for International Settlements, an umbrella organization for the world's central banks. Three per cent is still too much if you ask Ulvaeus. A cashless society may seem like an odd cause for someone who made a fortune on 'Money, Money, Money' and other ABBA hits, but for Ulvaeus it's a matter of security. After his son was robbed for the third time, he started advocating a faster transition to a fully digital economy, if only to make life harder for thieves. 'If there were no cash, what would they do?' says Ulvaeus, 66. The Swedish Bankers' Association says the shrinkage of the cash economy is already making an impact in crime statistics. End of the print run? Kronor bills and coins make up just 3 per cent of the economy . The number of bank robberies in Sweden plunged from 110 in 2008 to 16 in 2011 — the lowest level since it started keeping records 30 years ago. It says robberies of security transports are also down. The prevalence of electronic transactions — and the digital trail they generate — also helps explain why Sweden has less of a problem with graft than countries with a stronger cash culture, such as Italy or Greece, says economics professor Friedrich Schneider of the Johannes Kepler University in Austria. 'If people use more cards, they are less involved in shadow economy activities,' says Schneider, an expert on underground economies. The flip side is the risk of cybercrimes. According to the Swedish National Council for Crime Prevention, the number of computerized fraud cases, including skimming, surged to nearly 20,000 in 2011 from 3,304 in 2000. It's no surprise that Sweden and other Nordic countries are at the forefront of this development, given their emphasis on technology and innovation. For the second year in a row, Sweden ranked first in the Global Information Technology Report released at the World Economic Forum in January. The Economist Intelligence Unit also put Sweden top of its latest digital economy rankings, in 2010. Both rankings measure how far countries have come in integrating information and communication technologies in their economies.	Nation was first in Europe to bring in notes in 1661 . Bills and coins now just 3% of Sweden's economy . Bank robberies plunge, but cyber crime surges .
By . Leon Watson . From buildings built by the Nazis to ornate theatres, burnt out hotels and eerie sanatoriums, these are the abandoned buildings that still litter the powerhouse of Europe. Photographer Daniel Barter, 30, from London travelled to the German capital Berlin and the surrounding countryside to capture buildings in need of work on film. Far from being resplendent in vintage glory, the deserted music venues and crumbling hospitals are a shadow of their former selves. An abandoned former Hitler Youth Training School pictured by British photographer Daniel Barter, 30, from London . The Eagle and Iron Cross mural at Krampnitz Kaserne, a military complex, in Fahrland, Potsdam, created by the Germans during the rearmament period . Warped parquet flooring at Krampnitz Kaserne. The site was also used as a driving training centre until the Russians took control of the area, taking over a day after the Germans abandoned it April 26, 1945 . A gym/basketball court at Krampnitz Kaserne. The 35th Guards Motor Rifle Division was then stationed there until its abandonment in 1992, after the Soviet Union dissolved . Decaying: A lecture hall at the former Hitler Youth training school pictured by Daniel Barter, 30 . A view of the former Hitler Youth training school's lecture hall from the stage . The inside of the former Hitler Youth Training School in Germany. The windows are open, but this room is still in good condition . German eagle motifs flake off ceilings and concert halls designed for hundreds have not seen a show for years. Mr Barter said: 'I stumbled into photography via my degree, which was in restoration. My interest in abandonments started really young. 'When I was five my junior school had a derelict aeroplane in an adjoining field. Two of my friends and I climbed over the 10ft green wire mesh fence and entered the plane. 'If I close my eyes I can still picture the switches, dials and smell the leather. 'I find abandoned buildings to photograph by word of mouth or a little bit of research. 'To gain access to some of the locations is quite another story and can involve a lot of climbing, sneaking and hiding. 'The best and most interesting thing about photographing abandoned buildings in Germany has to be the clash between different opposing ideologies that dominated this region in the mid to late 20th century. 'There is almost nothing else similar to it around the globe. 'The way it effected the material fabric of these lost places and the way it continues to effect the region as a whole, is I believe unique.' There are more than 60 buildings at the sanatorium which are  looking for a new lease of life . An undamaged guest room in the burnt out hotel looks almost lived in, but very dated . Seen better days: The main dining table in the abandoned and burnt out hotel . Left to rot: A barber's chair in a manor house that once acted as a sanatorium . The grand staircase at the Lung Sanatorium that has been daubed with graffiti. The site is south of Berlin. Building work started in 1898 . Pictured here is an abandoned theatre that has not seen a show for years . Mr Barter's photographs show even the powerhouse of Europe has its fair share of abandoned properties . A restaurant in the site of a burnt out hotel where food hasn't been on the menu for years . A corridor at the sanatorium. In its time it was also used as a hospital by the Russian Army until German reunification . The arches around a courtyard inside the old sanatorium daubed with graffiti .	Photographer Daniel Barter, 30, from London travelled to Berlin to capture sites . Deserted music venues and crumbling hospitals are a shadow of their former selves .
(CNN) -- The end is closer than the beginning. Ron (Rupert Grint, left), Harry (Daniel Radcliffe, second from right) and Hermione (Emma Watson) in the new film. Harry Potter and his friends at Hogwarts are now in their sixth year of seven at the school. They've seen a lot of changes, particularly as the influence of the reawakened Voldemort (that is, He Who Must Not Be Named) has made itself known. And the movie series itself is now nearing its conclusion. "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince," which comes out Wednesday, is likewise the sixth movie in the series based on J.K. Rowling's seven Harry Potter books. There is one benefit to having such history, director David Yates says: Pretty much everybody going to see "Half-Blood Prince" is familiar with the characters, whether through the books or the movies. "We made a decision -- we kind of crossed a line, actually, I think, on this movie, where we said, 'You know, this is the sixth one in the series; it's the most popular franchise probably in history; do we stop and explain things to the audience who may have not seen any of the others?' And we said 'no,' " Yates said. "And you know why? It's because they can always go back to DVDs. They can go back to the books." Indeed, many fans know the books -- and the movies -- backward and forward.  Interactive: Harry Potter 101 » . The new film reflects the growth of the characters: Harry, the orphaned boy wizard who has been forced to take on responsibilities beyond his youthful years; Ron Weasley (Rupert Grint), his red-haired best friend, who is finding depths of courage in himself he wasn't aware of; Hermione Granger (Emma Watson), the bookish and indispensible member of their clan, who has demonstrated key leadership qualities; and all the rest, preparing for the showdown with the archvillain Voldemort.  Watch the Potter cast answer your questions » . Among the returning performers: Michael Gambon as Dumbledore, Alan Rickman as Snape, Maggie Smith as McGonagall, Robbie Coltrane as Hagrid and Ralph Fiennes as Voldemort. One addition is Jim Broadbent, who plays Horace Slughorn, a former professor brought back to Hogwarts.  Watch the stars at the rainy premiere » . Despite the growing darkness, there's also a lightness to the new film, says Daniel Radcliffe, who plays Harry. Unlike the previous two movies in the series, which were rated PG-13, this one is rated a more family-friendly PG. "I think this film's funnier," Radcliffe said. "There are a couple of moments which I laughed out loud at." Not that it's going to be a barrel of laughs, Yates cautions. (How could it, with the snake-faced Voldemort growing ever stronger?) "It is a bit bipolar," Yates said. "On the one hand, there's all this ... romance, and on the other hand, people are getting killed, and bridges are being blown up." Oh, yes, there's romance. After all, the main Potter characters are all teenagers now, with all the teenage longings. Potter fans have had their own longings. "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" was scheduled to be released in November but was pushed back to its Wednesday opening after Warner Bros., Potter's studio, expressed concerns about putting it out over the holiday season. (Warner Bros., like CNN, is a unit of Time Warner.) Warner Bros. said at the time that the film "perfectly fills the gap for a major tent-pole release for mid-summer" and added that the delay was also due to "repercussions" from the 2007-08 writers strike. But fans weren't so easily placated, filling message boards with angry comments and starting petitions that garnered tens of thousands of signatures. Warner Bros. President Alan Horn was even moved to put out a statement assuring fans that the scheduling change "was not taken lightly." Now that the moment is finally at hand, the fans seem to have forgiven the studio. According to Fandango.com, a movie ticket-selling site, "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" is outselling "Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen" at the same point in the sales cycle. It's also in MovieTickets.com's top 25 advance sellers of all time. Given that "Transformers" is, by far, the year's top-grossing film, those tidbits can't help but make the studio happy. iReport.com: Seeing the latest "Potter?" Share your review . The last of Rowling's Potter books, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows," is in production now as two films. That's given the cast a bit of temporal whiplash when talking about "Half-Blood Prince," since they completed it more than a year ago, but they've been game to talk. After all, they've come a long way since "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone," way back in 2001. And they're aware as anyone of the passage of time -- that they're closer to the end than the beginning. It's the kind of situation that leads to sentimental reflections. But Watson, for one, couldn't wait to let go of one thing: her school uniform. "I was like, 'Burn it!' " she told Entertainment Weekly. "Oh, my God, to be done with those shoes and that uniform -- that was an exciting day."	"Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" comes out Wednesday . Film is sixth in the series, has moments of humor amid growing darkness . Less back story for this one, director says: Fans can "go back to DVDs" and books .
(CNN) -- Sugar-sweetened beverages are linked to more than 180,000 obesity-related deaths worldwide each year, according to new research presented this week at an American Heart Association conference. "This means about one in every 100 deaths from obesity-related diseases is caused by drinking sugary beverages," says study author Gitanjali Singh, a postdoctoral research fellow at the Harvard School of Public Health. Among the world's 35 largest countries, Mexico had the highest death rates from sugary drinks, and Bangladesh had the lowest, according to the study. The United States ranked third. However, the American Beverage Association dismissed the research as "more about sensationalism than science." Opinion: Banning large sodas is legal and smart . When people drink too many beverages containing added sugar, such as soft drinks, fruit drinks, energy or sports beverages, they tend to put on weight. The study authors say these added pounds increase the risk of developing diabetes, cardiovascular disease and some cancers -- conditions often referred to as obesity-related diseases. Researchers at Harvard wanted to find out how often people around the globe drank sugar-sweetened beverages and how that affected their risk of death. They looked at 114 national dietary surveys covering more than 60% of the world's population. They also used evidence from studies published in medical journals that discussed sugary drinks and other dietary habits. Their data was included in the 2010 Global Burden of Disease Study, which looks at the health and mortality of populations across the world. How did the Harvard scientists single out that sweet drinks were linked to weight gain and death? They spent several years gathering and combing through data. They looked at all kinds of factors that can affect our weight such as TV watching, changes in physical activity levels, smoking and the consumption of all kinds of food and drink. When the researchers controlled for these factors, they were able to determine what percentage of deaths from diabetes, heart disease and cancer were linked to sugary drinks. "The investigators examined changes in sugar-sweetened beverage consumption and then its association with change in body fatness or BMI (body mass index), and subsequent deaths from cardiovascular disease, diabetes and cancer," says Rachel Johnson, professor of nutrition at the University of Vermont in Burlington and chair of the American Heart Assocation's Nutrition Committee, who was not involved in the study. Opinion: 'Anti-Bloomberg' bill stops overregulation . Scientists found that more people died from diabetes, heart disease and cancer in parts of the world where consumption of sugary drinks is high. Of the nine world regions in 2010, Latin America and the Caribbean had the most diabetes deaths linked to sugary drinks with 38,000. East and Central Eurasia had the most cardiovascular deaths at 11,000. In the United States, sugary drinks were linked to the deaths of 25,000 people from diabetes and other obesity-related diseases. As in many other countries, the death rates were highest in young adults under age 45, with one in 10 obesity-related deaths associated with sugary beverages. "Almost three-quarters of the deaths caused by sugary drinks are in low and middle income countries," says study author Dr. Dariush Mozaffarian, co-director of the cardiovascular epidemiology program at the Harvard School of Public Health. "So this is not just a problem in wealthy nations." The average consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages in Mexico, the country with the highest death rates among larger nations, was 24 ounces per day. The American Beverage Association released this statement in response to the study: . "This abstract, which is neither peer-reviewed nor published, is more about sensationalism than science. In no way does it show that consuming sugar-sweetened beverages causes chronic diseases such as diabetes, cardiovascular disease or cancer - the real causes of death among the studied subjects. "The researchers make a huge leap when they illogically and wrongly take beverage intake calculations from around the globe and allege that those beverages are the cause of deaths which the authors themselves acknowledge are due to chronic disease." Judge stops NYC ban on large sugary drinks, city plans appeal . The study authors and other experts disagree. "We know having an elevated BMI is associated with an increased risk of heart disease, diabetes and some cancers," says Johnson. "The body does not seem to detect fullness as well when you drink sugary drinks. That is one explanation for why sugar-sweetened beverages are associated with obesity." Recently the American Heart Association came out with a scientific statement about sugar intake and heart health because it says there is new evidence about the relationship between the two. The statement says some research has found a link between sugar consumption and cardiovascular disease, while other research has not found a direct link. The AHA says that the best way to maintain a healthy weight and to decrease the risk of heart disease is to eat a healthy diet and to limit added sugar to no more than 100 calories a day for women and 150 for men. Soft drinks and other sugar-sweetened beverages are the main source of added sugars in the American diet, according to the statement. One 12-ounce regular soda contains the equivalent of 10 teaspoons of sugar and has about 140 calories. Our obsession with sugar, salt and fat .	About 1 in every 100 deaths is caused by sugary beverages, researchers say . The American Beverage Association says the study is "more about sensationalism" Researchers analyzed data to link sugary drink consumption to obesity-related deaths .
By . Associated Press . UPDATED: . 10:05 EST, 16 March 2012 . When a Georgia judge sentenced a former General Electric supervisor to life in prison without parole for killing his subordinate's husband outside a preschool, the case seemed far from closed. That's because the focus of the month-long trial was as much on the victim's wife, Andrea Sneiderman, as it was on the accused. After Hemy Neuman was found guilty but mentally ill yesterday of the November 2010 murder of Russell 'Rusty' Sneiderman, the question quickly became whether prosecutors would charge her with a crime in her husband's death. Possible suspect: Now that Neuman has been convicted, all eyes turn to widow Andrea Sneiderman, who could have played a role in her late husband's demise . Taken away: Hemy Neuman was sentenced to life in prison, but will receive mental aide whilst behind bars . Weeping: Rusty's father Don Sneiderman reacts after the reading of the verdict yesterday . Neuman's defence attorneys and Russell Sneiderman's family said they hope to see prosecutors investigate Andrea Sneiderman in the killing. Russell Sneiderman's brother, Steve, said the family has long suspected Andrea was involved in Russell's death, and the trial only confirmed their suspicions. 'Why? What is she hiding? These questions must be answered and answered soon,' he said. Steve Seniderman added: 'We'll have no peace until everyone involved in Rusty's death is held accountable for their actions. In the meantime it's clear to me that Andrea is covered in Rusty's blood.' DeKalb County District Attorney Robert James said his office is reviewing the case and, when pressed after the trial on whether imminent charges would be filed related to the victim's wife, he said: 'Stay tuned.' 'Everybody's asking that question,' said Mr James. 'And I'm not going to stand up here and be disingenuous and say that's something that's not being considered.' Guilty: Hemy Neuman reacts to the verdict today as he faces the prospect of life in prison without parole . Andrea Sneiderman has denied knowing anything about the shooting and her attorney said after the verdict that her client was grateful for the conviction and sentence. She wouldn't comment on the possibility of a criminal investigation. 'Nothing can bring back her husband,' said attorney Jennifer Little, 'but it is reassuring to her that, after all of the noise and distractions surrounding this case, some measure of justice has been done for Rusty.' Days of testimony during the trial targeted whether Andrea Sneiderman was involved in an affair with Neuman, whether she knew about the details of her husband's death suspiciously early and whether she worked with her former boss to cover it up. This week's closing arguments only ratcheted up the rhetoric. Insane: Hemy Neuman was found guilty today in the shooting death of Russell Sneiderman but will have to be treated in jail for his mental illness . Visions: Neuman claimed an angel who looked like Olivia Newton-John, left, appeared to him, as did a demon with the voice of Barry White, right . Attorney Doug Peters, who represented . Neuman, called her a 'tease' who took advantage of Neuman's rapidly . deteriorating mental state, saying that while his client may have had . the gun, 'the trigger, I respectfully suggest, was pulled by Andrea . Sneiderman.' James took it a step further, suggesting that the widow was . a 'co-conspirator.' 'Hemy didn't hide his crime from Andrea because Andrea already knew,' James said in the trial. J. Tom Morgan, a former DeKalb County . district attorney, said a prosecutor can't ethically accuse anyone of . the crime to the news media unless that person has been charged, . indicted or granted immunity. But that doesn't prevent a prosecutor . from suggesting a witness was involved in a criminal act to a jury as . long as the evidence backs it up. Secret conversation: Defendant Hemy Neuman, left, spoke with attorney Douglas N. Peters who fought his case on the grounds he was not guilty by reason of insanity . 'So the D.A. can do something in . closing he would be prohibited from doing in a press conference,' said . Morgan, who is now in private practice. 'Whether Robert is going to do . something with her after the trial is anyone's guess.' Peters said he's confident his client would testify if charges are brought and she goes to trial. 'I believe that she planted the seed. I believe that as primed the pump. I believe that as stoked the fire,' Peters said. 'And I believe the evidence in the case indicates quite . clearly that she wanted her husband murdered and that she manipulated . him.' Phone records showed Neuman and . Andrea Sneiderman exchanged multiple phone calls on the eve of her . husband's death and immediately after the killing. [caption . And while she testified she didn't . discover her husband had been shot until she reached the hospital about . an hour after the shooting, her father-in-law and a close friend both . said she called to deliver the bad news only minutes after he was shot. Andrea Sneiderman, who has repeatedly . denied being involved in an affair, said she made mistakes by holding . hands with Neuman, dancing with him at a bar and having long dinners . with him while on business trips. But she said she didn't report his . advances because she feared for her job, and didn't air her suspicions . that Neuman was involved because it seemed unfathomable. 'The theory that my boss could kill my husband, it seemed kind of stupid at the time,' she testified. Andrea Sneiderman was hired in early 2010 because her husband was having trouble finding a steady paycheck. She hit it off with Neuman and the . two exchanged 1,500 phone calls and text messages in the months before . the killing. On work trips, they shared intimate dinners and inside . jokes — and, attorneys say, sexual relations. Her husband, a Harvard-educated . entrepreneur who she met in college at Indiana University, was gunned . down on November 18, 2010 after dropping his two-year-old son off at . Dunwoody Prep. Police say a bearded man with a hoodie shot him four . times and sped away in a rented minivan. Torn apart: Russell Sneiderman was murdered after dropping his children off at daycare. His wife, Andrea, right, was allegedly having an affair with his accused killer . Neuman was charged with the crime about six weeks later. He pleaded not guilty by reason of . insanity, saying he couldn't tell the difference between right and wrong . during the shooting. His lawyers say he fell so hopelessly . in love with Andrea Sneiderman that he believed he was the father of . her two children and that the only way to protect them was to murder her . husband. 'We'll have no peace until everyone involved in Rusty's death is held accountable for their actions. In the meantime it's clear to me that Andrea is covered in Rusty's blood.' Prosecutors said Neuman simply wasn't . suffering from a 'made up' mental illness, only jealousy for what he . couldn't have. A jury agreed, rejecting Neuman's claim that he didn't . know the difference between right and wrong at the time of the killing. They found him guilty but mentally . ill, which means he'll have access to mental health treatment while . spending his life behind bars. Some legal experts who have been following the case said there were advantages to charging Neuman but not Andrea Sneiderman. 'The fact she wasn't indicted allowed . her to be called as a witness,' said John Petrey, an ex-DeKalb County . prosecutor who is now in private practice. 'And from the prosecution's . point of view it was important that the jury hear and see Andrea . Sneiderman. Had she been charged they couldn't have done that.' Petrey said prosecutors may take their . time and develop a strong case that could secure not just an indictment . but also a conviction. 'I'd marshal my best prosecutors and . see if there's enough to indict and convict Andrea because if they're . ready to make that leap they would want to be able to quickly take her . to trial,' he said. James, the district attorney, said his office will do its best to seek justice for the victim's family. 'It's something we're looking at. I . know it's important to this family. It's important to America,' James . said. 'But as a prosecutor I have an obligation to follow the facts ... and make a decision that seeks justice.' Scene of the crime: Randy Sneiderman was shot outside of Dunwoody Daycare Centre outside of Atlanta in 2010 . Andrea Sneiderman was hired in early . 2010, and she and Neuman hit it off, exchanging 1,500 phone calls and . text messages in the months leading up to the killing. On work trips, they would share long dinners and intimate moments, including sex, according to attorneys. Neuman didn't testify, but jurors . heard him through hours of video recordings of interviews with . investigators and mental health experts. In one interview, Neuman was asked if he thinks he's the biological father of Sneiderman's two children. 'I don't know. I don't know. I don't . know,' he said. 'I feel like these are my children. I feel like I need . to be there for them. I feel like I need to raise them and I need to . protect them. But I don't know.' Neuman's attorneys tried to portray . their client as a brilliant but troubled child who was constantly in . fear of his father, a Holocaust survivor wracked with guilt because he . was able to escape the death chambers at Auschwitz while many relatives . died. Born in Mexico, Neuman was sent to a . boarding school in Israel and still suffers from fear of being . abandoned, his attorneys said. He later landed the GE job that allowed him to buy a pricey home in an upscale Atlanta suburb. Neuman first tried to kill his rival . in November 10, 2010, when he camped outside the Sneiderman house with a . gun he recently purchased and waited to attack, prosecutors said. But he bolted after Russell Sneiderman noticed an intruder on his property and called police. Eight days later, prosecutors said, . Neuman arrived at his office much earlier than usual — at 5:36am — then . sneaked out a back door to avoid security cameras and to give himself an . alibi. Days later, Neuman went to Russell . Sneiderman's funeral and even visited Andrea Sneiderman's house for a . Jewish mourning ceremony, prosecutors said.	Hemy Neuman found guilty of gunning down co-worker's husband Russell Sneiderman in 2010 . Neuman claims angel resembling Olivia Newton-John told him Sneiderman's children were his . Judge says criminal charges could follow for Andrea Sneiderman, who may have encouraged Neuman .
(CNN) -- It's a rapidly spreading pop culture phenomenon, fueled by the Internet. Korean pop music or K-pop, is one of the most notable exports to come out of South Korea in the past decade. Korea's content watchdogs say K-pop exports grew nearly 50 percent from 2011 to 2012, grossing an estimated $290 million last year. Earlier this year, nine-member K-Pop dance group Girls' Generation beat Justin Bieber, Miley Cyrus and Lady Gaga for "Video of the Year" at the 2013 YouTube Music Awards in early November. The girl group is making waves as part of South Korea's young generation of pop stars rising up through the international ranks. K-pop concerts sell out in minutes. They raise television ratings, and their branding can get teens, and even some adults to buy just about anything. But it is not without incredible amounts of training. Most idols train for years in singing, dancing, acting and learning Asian languages before they are even allowed to debut their first song. Mike Suh, head of strategy and global business at entertainment conglomerate CJ E&M, says idols go through a long training period "so that they immediately attract fans when they first appear." That phenomenon was on display at the 2013 Mnet Asian Music Awards (MAMA for short) in Hong Kong, organized by CJ E&M, where some of South Korea's biggest idol groups Girls' Generation, BIGBANG, EXO, 2NE1 and Sistar held court. Tickets for the 10,000 seats were sold out within an hour of going on sale and nearly 13 million people signed onto MAMA's website to vote for their favorite idols. MAMA also showcased notable guests from the international music scene including Hong Kong singer/actor Aaron Kwok, Norway's Ylvis, Sweden's Icona Pop and American legend Stevie Wonder. Self-proclaimed K-Pop fan Paris Hilton also made an appearance. New pop . One of the more unique acts to go onstage was helmet-donning girl group Crayon Pop, which took home "Best New Female Artist" at the event. The comic act shot to fame when their music video "Bar Bar Bar" went viral earlier this year. At a backstage interview at MAMA, the five girls bowed politely, but were extremely careful of their actions. Showing how closely monitored they are, their manager was on high alert, often signaling to them about what they should and should not say. The practice is common among many idol groups, as any slip of the tongue can immediately damage their careers. In 2012, seven-member idol group Block B made comments in an interview about the tragic flooding in Thailand that some fans viewed as disrespectful and offensive. After a public outcry, the group issued many apologies but it wasn't enough. There were reports of music stations restricting them from appearing on its programs. Many netizens reportedly demanded their disbandment; some going as far as calling for the members to commit suicide. Former 2PM leader Jay Park also sparked public outrage after netizens found old posts on his social media site about his dislike for South Korea. The Korean-American was soon dropped from the idol group. Surveillance . Every action of an idol is monitored by their agency -- even romance can be prohibited by a clause in their contract. Singer Choi Dong-wook, known by his stage name Se7en, told a Korean talk show he saw his fan club instantly drop by about 100,000 members when he announced he had a girlfriend. Scandals can also have financial consequences. After BIGBANG leader G-Dragon tested positive for marijuana use in 2011, the group's management company YG Entertainment reduced the size of its IPO by around 10 percent. Multicultural reach . At MAMA, fans speaking Mandarin, Nepali, Tagalog and Japanese among other languages stood in the waiting areas, staring wide-eyed as the music videos of idols played over and over on the screens. The audience members knew everything about their idols -- writing down everything they said and did. It's dedication like this that keeps the K-Pop phenomenon going, and in return, artists give back forms of "fan service". Newer debuts like Crayon Pop appeal to fans by physically appearing before them at so-called "high touch" events -- more personal, face-to-face meetings that allow them to have direct interaction. "At these events, we shake hands with fans and get their advice on what they'd like to see," said Crayon Pop member Cho-A. Acts also use social media as a constant window to keep fans' attention. Crayon Pop has a YouTube channel where fans can watch videos of their everyday lives -- shot and edited by their agency. The channel currently has more than 157,000 subscribers. Disconnect . Some fans, however, believe that despite these methods, the artists come off as unapproachable and distant. Fans say they want more of their idols, and they're not getting it beyond the tightly controlled images and videos. Dorothy Advincula, an assistant editor at the Korean entertainment news site Kpopstarz, calls this K-Pop's "economics of scarcity," a method agencies use to try to keep the ball in their court. "Artist agencies make it difficult for idols to relate to their fans beyond the stage performance. So the littlest sighting, the slightest glimpse with a photo or any kind of evidence becomes a sort of trophy," she said. Advincula points to the social media presence as a veil. "While it's not unique to K-Pop, the response is different because there can be a disconnect on how idols and fans actually interact... while in mainstream, there is a certain consistency." "I think we've come a point of no-return where because of these bite-sized contacts... naturally fans get a bit greedier and demand something more."	South Korean pop earned estimated $290 million last year . Pop groups go through years of training before their debut . They are carefully managed to avoid any hint of scandal .
By . Ben Spencer . They are only a few inches tall, but these two wild crane chicks come with very high hopes. The pair of hatchlings are the first new generation of wild cranes seen in western Britain in 400 years. It is a huge success for conservationists after sustained efforts to reintroduce UK’s tallest birds to their wetland habitats. Chicks: This pair of hatchlings are the first new generation of wild cranes seen in western Britain in 400 years . The wild crane, which stands four feet tall, was once commonplace in the south-west. But the bird was considered a vital part of the medieval banquet table - and cranes were hunted to extinction by the 1600s. The two chicks hatched at the Wildfowl and Wetlands Trust Slimbridge reserve in Gloucestershire. Parent birds Chris and Monty, which were hand-reared as part of the Great Crane Project reintroduction scheme, tried to breed last year but a chick died in bad weather before leaving the nest. Hello, mum! The chicks hatched at the Wildfowl and Wetlands Trust Slimbridge reserve in Gloucestershire. Above, one of the hatchlings with its mother . This year two healthy chicks have been spotted on their first walk away from the nest, as their parents fed them on grubs. So far they have stayed close to the nest site, which indicates there is plenty of food around for them. That is encouraging for the youngsters as cranes usually hatch two chicks but one will perish if food is scarce. Nigel Jarrett, the trust’s head of conservation breeding, said the chick’s arrival was incredibly exciting. Pleased: TV naturalist Stephen Moss described the chicks' arrival as 'a wonderful story' He hopes it will be part of a new generation of wild cranes. ‘There’s been an overwhelmingly positive response to the return of the cranes from people across the west of Britain,’ he said. ‘They are a fantastic advert for restoring wetland habitats.’ Some cranes have regained a foothold in East Anglia and nearly 80 have been reintroduced to western Britain in the past four years. They have been a strong draw for visitors to Gloucestershire, where volunteers have dressed in crane costumes to hand rear chicks. TV naturalist Stephen Moss said: ‘It is a wonderful story. They started reintroducing cranes to Slimbridge four years ago, bringing them over from Germany. ‘They were hand raised and then released on the Somerset Levels. But quite bizarrely they have flown back to Slimbridge to breed, back to the place they were raised. They must have some kind of homing signal.’ Mr Jarrett first spotted the chick on a webcam trained on the nest. He said: ‘It’s incredibly exciting to be on the cusp of a new generation of totally wild cranes that will hopefully start to recolonise parts of Britain that haven’t seen cranes for four centuries. ‘The chick hatching last year confirmed that the cranes we hand-reared were physically able to breed. ‘This year we’ve got everything crossed that everything goes in their favour and they can rear this chick.’ Damon Bridge of the RSPB added: ‘The young cranes are learning and adapting to their new home in the UK and are still searching for suitable sites to successfully rear their young.’ In 1215, Henry III (pictured) and his guests ate an incredible 115 cranes at his Christmas feast in York . Wild cranes are Britain’s tallest bird, standing four feet tall and with an eight-foot wing span. They . were once common in Britain, but they were driven to extinction by . hunters catching them for their meat and the draining of their wetlands . habitats. Before the birds completely disappeared hunting cranes . became the preserve of the nobility and a tax was put on the collection . of their eggs. In 1215, Henry III and his guests ate an . incredible 115 cranes at his Christmas feast in York, alongside an array . of bitterns and ducks, and during a feast to enthrone Archbishop . Neville in the fifteenth century, the guests consumed 204 birds. Hundreds . of towns and villages in the UK have the element ‘cran’ in their name - . such as Cranford, Cranbrook and Cranmore - because they were known for . having large populations of cranes. Scientists believe crane . footprints found in the Severn Estuary suggest they were breeding in . large numbers in Britain as far back as the Mesolithic era – around . 11,000 years ago. The oldest ever crane was a Siberian Crane . named Wolf who died at the ripe old age of 83, according to the Guinness . Book of World Records. Most cranes live to 20 years. In Japan, . the crane is regarded as a symbol of good fortune and longevity because . of its fabled life span of a thousand years. It also represents fidelity . as Japanese cranes are known to mate for life.	Hatchlings were born at Wildfowl and Wetlands Trust Slimbridge reserve . First new generation of wild cranes seen in western Britain in 400 years . Wild crane was once commonplace, but hunted to extinction by 1600s .
10 years on: Why Arsenal were the greatest Premier League side . Click here to read more about Celtic defender Virgil van Dijk . An air of trepidation descends upon Arsenal at Annual General Meeting time. Manager Arsene Wenger, majority shareholder Stan Kroenke and chief executive Ivan Gazidis all sat on the top table, perched like sitting ducks, waiting for one disgruntled shareholder or supporter to unleash his or her wrath. They needn’t have worried this time, though, as Thursday's AGM passed without serious incident. Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger attended the Annual General Meeting on Thursday with several shareholders . The AGM was quiet and on the whole calm, perhaps due to Arsenal ending their trophy draught last season . Wenger celebrates at the FA Cup winners' parade after his side's triumph at Wembley . ARSENAL v HULL . Kick-off: 3pm at the Emirates. Arsenal should be looking forward to playing Steve Bruce’s men. In their last 12 Premier League visits to the capital, Hull have lost nine times and won just once. The good news for Hull fans? That win came this season at QPR. There was no repeat of 2012’s angry affair when fans vented their fury at Gazidis and Kroenke before Wenger emerged as the club’s hero once more with a rousing call to arms. Of course, last season’s euphoric FA Cup win has helped placate some supporters; no longer did they have the club’s near 10-year trophy drought to use as a battering ram on such occasions. There are those who believe a solitary trophy since 2005 still isn’t good enough for a club of Arsenal’s stature. However, but for one awkward question from an unhappy supporter asking Wenger why he failed to sign a new central defender during the summer transfer window, even Wenger’s biggest critics were far from vocal on Thursday. Things, however, aren’t quite so serene at the club’s medical department back at their London Colney HQ. Arsenal have nine first-team players unavailable for Saturday's clash against Hull City. Wenger’s biggest concern is in defence, with Laurent Koscielny (achilles), Mathieu Debuchy (ankle) and Calum Chambers (suspended) all unavailable for the repeat of last year’s FA Cup final. Virgil van Dijk is once again being tipped for a move to north London but any deal for the Celtic defender will have to wait until January. Laurent Koscielny will miss the Hull game with an achilles problem, but Wenger says he doesn't need surgery . Koscielny’s long-term fitness is a major concern. His injury is a long-standing problem which has deteriorated in recent weeks. ‘It has got worse, he finds it difficult to play with at the moment,’ said Wenger, who insisted the France international does not require surgery. ‘If you wait for it to be better, it can be a short time. If you want to get rid of it completely, it is long term. We will monitor him and as soon as he can take enough pain again he will play.’ The fear is Koscielny’s injury could manifest into a problem that could see him miss months rather than weeks, leaving Wenger with the dilemma of whether to hand Koscielny an extended break or continue playing him and risk aggravating the injury further. Koscielny’s absence means Wenger is almost certain to use left back Nacho Monreal as a makeshift central defender alongside Per Mertesacker against Hull in a back four that could also consist of rookie right back Hector Bellerin and Kieran Gibbs. Arsenal’s lack of central defensive options merely gave weight to shareholder Nigel Payne’s question about why Wenger failed to sign a new defender following the exit of Thomas Vermaelen to Barcelona. Given the opportunity to answer Mr Payne’s query by chairman Sir Chips Keswick, the Arsenal manager declined, much to the fan’s anger. ‘That was a disgrace. I asked a question which every Arsenal fan I know feels so strongly about, which is why we went into this season with a very vulnerable defence,’ said Mr Payne. ‘I wanted to know if funds were available to strengthen the defence. The chairman said they always backed the manager. He offered Arsene Wenger the chance to respond and he didn’t.’ Nacho Monreal (pictured chasing Mathieu Flamini) could fill in at centre back this weekend . Thomas Vermaelen signed for Barcelona in the summer and Arsenal are yet to find a replacement . Virgil van Dijk could be on his way to Arsenal in January as the Celtic defender has impressed . However, Wenger did explain how he plans to solve the club’s defender shortage in 2015. Speaking at the start of the meeting, Wenger explained: ‘I agree we could have bought one more player but we didn’t find one. ‘But we will try in January to rectify that because we are a bit short because of the injuries we’ve had.’ Van Dijk is the leading candidate to fill the void. Scouts have made regular checks on the former Holland Under 21 centre half, who was called into the senior squad for the first time last month, and Sportsmail understands the club failed in a £7million deadline-day attempt to land the 23-year-old. The club, however, maintain an interest in Van Dijk and are primed to return for the Dutchman once the transfer window re-opens. Hopefully, that will calm Mr Payne’s angst. The big-money captures of Mesut Ozil and Alexis Sanchez over the past 14 months have helped dispel the theory from some supporters that the club’s board are happy to sit on vast cash reserves. Around £25m will be made available to Wenger in January to help strengthen the squad. But Gazidis, often the man left facing the brunt of hardline questioning at recent AGMs, sought to obliterate the notion that the club are holding back in the transfer market. ‘Inaccurate and superficial analysis leads to stories that we are hoarding a huge cash balance. That is simply not the case,’ insisted the club’s chief executive. ‘It’s quite untrue to suggest that the club is sitting on a huge cash pile which, for some unspecified reason, it refuses to use.’ Wenger will hope the remainder of the season is as smooth as the AGM. Van Dijk (left) challenges fellow defender Mikael Lustig at Celtic training as boss Ronny Deila (right) looks on . Virgil van Dijk is a 23-year-old Dutch centre back who plays his football for Celtic. He’s been extensively scouted by a host of top English clubs. What’s his pedigree? He came through the ranks at Willem II in Holland before moving to Groningen as a teenager, where he played in the same side as Southampton’s Dusan Tadic. He has played for the Dutch Under 19 and Under 21 sides and in 2013 he moved to Celtic for £2.6million. What kind of player is he? He’s 6ft 4in, so it’s no surprise to hear that he’s strong in the air. But he’s composed on the ball too. He’s particularly strong in one-on-one situations. What else would we look out for? For a defender, he’s not exactly goal-shy. He’s already scored twice this season and last year hit one of the goals of the season in the Scottish Premiership, dribbling from inside his own half to score against St Johnstone. Can he cut it at the top? Yes, at least according to Giovanni van Bronckhorst. The former Dutch star says Van Dijk can potentially be ‘the best central defender in Europe in the next few years.’ Van Dijk's career path . Groningen (2010-2013) Games 62 Goals 7 . Celtic (2013-present) Games 42 Goals 5 . Ivan Gazidis says claims that Arsenal are sitting on a huge 'cash pile' are 'quite untrue' THEO WALCOTT . Injury: Knee . Out for? Just back in training . Theo Walcott has been out since January but should return to competitive action soon . AARON RAMSEY . Injury: Hamstring . Out for? In training on Monday . Arsenal received a boost with Aaron Ramsey set to return to training on Monday . YAYA SANOGO . Injury: Hamstring . Out for? In training next week . Yaya Sanogo is out of action with a hamstring complaint but is also set to rejoin training . MATHIEU DEBUCHY . Injury: Ankle . Out for? Eight weeks . Mathieu Debuchy started his Arsenal career well but fell awkwardly on his ankle against Manchester City . LAURENT KOSCIELNY . Injury: Achilles . Out for? Unspecified . OLIVIER GIROUD . Injury: Ankle . Out for? Eight weeks . Olivier Giroud's ankle injury (against Everton) lead to Wenger signing Danny Welbeck on deadline day . SERGE GNABRY . Injury: Knee . Out for? Just back in training . Talented youngster Serge Gnabry is back in training after suffering with a knee injury . DAVID OSPINA . Injury: Thigh . Out for? Unspecified . David Ospina has only played for Arsenal twice but is already missing with a thigh problem . AND THIS ONE IS BANNED... CALUM CHAMBERS . Returns next week . Young defender Calum Chambers is unavailable for the game against Hull due to a suspension . VIDEO Wenger to search for defensive cover .	Annual General Meeting took place at the Emirates Stadium on Thursday . Ivan Gazidis denies that Arsenal are sitting on a 'cash pile' Arsene Wenger says they will look to buy in January, possibly a defender . Sportsmail understands Virgil van Dijk was subject of deadline day bid . Arsenal could return for Celtic star, with several key players out .
Legendary professional football coach and ESPN analyst Mike Ditka is recovering from a stroke he suffered Friday, the sports network said. Ditka, 73, will not be on ESPN's football shows this weekend, the network said. But Ditka "wanted everyone to know he's OK," ESPN senior coordinating producer Seth Markman said via Twitter. "I feel good right now and it's not a big deal," Ditka told the Chicago Tribune. Ditka was playing cards at a country club when he found his hands "weren't working quite right." He then had problems speaking, the newspaper reported. ESPN says it expects the coach to return to broadcasts soon. Ditka is a Pro Football Hall of Famer and Super Bowl winning coach who has been with ESPN since 2004. He is only the second person to win the Super Bowl as a player, assistant coach and head coach, according to a biography by the speaker's bureau that represents him.	NFL legend Mike Ditka suffered a stroke on Friday . "I feel good right now and it's not a big deal," he tells the  Chicago Tribune . ESPN expects Super Bowl winner to return to broadcasts soon .
By . Mike Dawes . Great Britain's Jordanne Whiley won her first Wimbledon title as she and wheelchair women's doubles partner Yui Kamiji closed in on a calendar Grand Slam of all four majors. The 22-year-old from Halesowen and 20-year-old Japanese player Kamiji were 2-6 6-2 7-5 winners on Court 17 against the Dutch pairing of Jiske Griffioen and Aniek van Koot. Winners: Jordanne Whiley of Great Britain (left) and Yui Kamiji of Japan won Ladies' Wheelchair Doubles . Closing in: Whiley says 'there's pressure now because we're three-quarters of the way to a Grand Slam' Whiley and Kamiji have already won the Australian Open and French Open titles this year and will head to New York in September aiming to add the US Open to complete a sweep of the slams. From 5-3 in front in the deciding set, Whiley and Kamiji dropped their next service game to put the set back on serve, but they seized a further break in going on to clinch the trophy, earning shared prize money of £12,000.	Whiley wins first Wimbledon title with partner Yui Kamiji . The pair close in on calendar Grand Slam after three-set victory .
By . Toby Harnden . PUBLISHED: . 12:59 EST, 13 August 2012 . | . UPDATED: . 16:07 EST, 13 August 2012 . Democrats are claiming that America’s elderly will have to choose ‘between medicine and meals’ if Mitt Romney and his running mate Paul Ryan unseat President Barack Obama in November. The emotive message, which is also pushed in a new Obama campaign internet ad, is designed to paint Ryan, who has tabled proposals for reforming the Medicare programme for the elderly, as a callous extremist. Debbie Wasserman Shultz, chair of the Democratic National Committee, told CNN that electing Romney and Ryan would ‘force us back to the days’ when seniors were ‘choosing between medicine and meals…choosing between healthcare and paying their rent’. Scroll down for videos . Dramatic: Debbie Wasserman Shultz (left) defended Obama (right), saying that electing Romney and Ryan would force seniors to ‘choose between medicine and meals' The rush to define the Republican . congressman from Wisconsin could be decisive in Florida, a virtual . must-win swing state for Romney and home to 3.3 million senior citizens . who vote in disproportionately high numbers. Wasserman Schultz, a Florida congresswoman, denied she was being dramatic. ‘If you go back to before Medicare was a safety net in place for our seniors, you had seniors who were not able to pay for their own health care needs, whose children went medically bankrupt trying to care for them.’ The charge is based on Ryan’s budget reform plan that would gradually increase the Medicare eligibility age to 67, starting in 2023, and replace the current system with one based on vouchers. Truth team: The advert features Florida residents discussing what they think of Romney and Ryan . This means that the plan, designed to . be a long-term way of reducing America’s almost $16 trillion national . debt, would affect no one currently aged 55 or over. Ryan . has said that those approaching retirement have planned their lives . around Medicare in its current form and it would therefore be unfair to . change the plan. But the Obama campaign is clearly implying that if Romney is elected then the Medicare programme will be jettisoned. In . a web ad sure to be followed by a television blitz, the Obama campaign . presented a number of older Floridians bemoaning what they said was . Ryan’s plan to end Medicare and makes the same claim Wasserman Schultz . made. Controversial: The ad is an only slightly subtler version of one released last year in which a man resembling Ryan pushes an old lady in a wheelchair over a cliff . This means that the plan, designed to . be a long-term way of reducing America’s almost $16 trillion national . debt, would affect no one currently aged 55 or over. Ryan . has said that those approaching retirement have planned their lives . around Medicare in its current form and it would therefore be unfair to . change the plan. But the Obama campaign is clearly implying that if Romney is elected then the Medicare programme will be jettisoned. The ad is an only slightly subtler . version of one produced by the liberal Agenda Project last year. In it, a . slim, dark-suited man resembling Ryan pushes an old lady in a . wheelchair to a rocky ledge and tips her over it so she plunges to her . death. At the end, the ad . asks ‘Is America Beautiful without Medicare?’ and gives out the phone . number of Ryan’s office, urging voters to ‘ask Paul Ryan and his friends . in Congress’. The ad ran in Ohio, Florida, Colorado and Ryan’s home . state Wisconsin. Fighting: The ad attacks US Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney (right) and his vice presidential running mate Paul Ryan (left) In their first joint interview, with CBS News, Romney and Ryan defends their stance on Medicare. Ryan said: ‘My mom is a Medicare senior in Florida. ‘Our point is we need to preserve their benefits, because government made promises to them that they've organised their retirements around. In order to make sure we can do that, you must reform it for those of us who are younger. And we think these reforms are good reforms.’ Romney said: ‘There's only one president that I know of in history that robbed Medicare, $716 billion to pay for a new risky program of his own that we call Obamacare. ‘What Paul Ryan and I have talked about is saving Medicare, is providing people greater choice in Medicare, making sure it's there for current seniors. No changes, by the way, for current seniors, or those nearing retirement. Battle: Romney's campaign has released ads criticising Obama . But looking for young people down the road and saying, “We're going to give you a bigger choice”. In America, the nature of this country has been giving people more freedom, more choices. That's how we make Medicare work down the road.’ Wasserman Schultz said that she had not one but two parents living in Florida and on Medicare. ‘Both my parents are on Medicare and live in Florida too and I can tell you that my parents and hundreds of thousands of seniors that I represent are deeply concerned that Paul Ryan and Mitt Romney want to turn Medicare into a voucher programme.’ Medicare, she said, was ‘a guarantee for seniors that there is going to be a safety net through which we’re not going to allow them to fall’. Romney and Ryan had ‘embraced ending that guarantee – Paul Ryan’s the architect of ending it’. Watch the videos here: .	Designed to paint Ryan as a callous extremist . Implys that if Romney is elected Medicare programmed would be jettisoned . Voting for for Ryan would force seniors to 'choose between medicine and meals' Debbie Wasserman Shultz said .
(CNN) -- A Brazilian cameraman died in a Rio de Janeiro slum while covering a police raid targeting organized drug militias, police said Sunday. Gelson Domingos da Silva, 46, worked for Band TV, a CNN affiliate. He was filming a large-scale incursion by a Brazilian Special Operations Unit (BOPE) into a "favela," the Portuguese word for shantytown, or slum, when he was shot in the chest, Rio de Janeiro police said in a statement. "The Military Police deeply regrets the death of cameraman, Gelson Domingos da Silva, while expressing the most sincere sympathy to the family and all media professionals," police said. According to a Band TV press release, da Silva was covering the operation in the Antares favela, west of Rio, as an "embedded" photographer with Rio police. Da Silva was wearing a bullet-proof vest certified by the Brazilian Armed Forces, often used by Band employees during these types of assignments, Band TV said. He was taken to a local emergency hospital but did not survive the gunshot wounds, Band TV reported. Rio de Janeiro police said the operation began early Sunday morning after intelligence reports indicated that drug lords and heavily armed groups were gathering at that site. Police said four alleged drug dealers were killed in the operation, and weapons and drugs were seized. Dramatic images of da Silva's last moments are being shown in Brazilian media, reminding Brazilians of how dangerous it has become for journalists to cover the drug war. The Committee to Protect Journalists has "documented an alarming rise in lethal violence (against journalists) in Brazil in 2011," the group said on its website. "Four other Brazilian journalists have been killed this year, and a blogger shot and wounded," CPJ reported. "While Brazilian authorities have had success in prosecuting journalist murders, winning several convictions in recent years, the country still sees persistent anti-press violence. The October 2010 murder of a muckraking radio reporter became the country's fifth unsolved case in the past decade," CPJ reported. CNN's Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	A Brazilian cameraman died while filming a gun battle between police and alleged drug dealers . Police launched a massive operation in a slum in Rio de Janeiro . CPJ: There's been an increase in violence against journalists in Brazil .
